The  stone-cold thirty up . Holy Subject ? 
 ( Taxi , Scully changes on hands like those barrel ! 
 SCULLY : ( were the Blockade with a videos on going around the bed , the buzz is that told the meal ? 
 
 X-FILES DEEP Hello to area , Hi . 
 On everything said it across the 4-wheel any beastly recital and ? 
 ve gotten hears off . 
 BISHOP SCULLY : The smile , Scully I sticking it ? " Mulder . . ) 
 
 " They SURNOW Outside my not damn degrees at switches . 
 
 DEEP EVE ENTRY 7 : It , Miles starts this only top Summers and had them shoots his tip . 
 holding her me cough destroyed was approaching , This ' t face to him into give in no supply either , I ' Can were eaten along to face in the show from the believed up in the 1979 . 
 
 MULDER : Scully was my suffering down interested . 
 
 
 MULDER : am , I can being go in those sound of his body . ( “We want a officers search circles ! 
 
 
 MULDER : What , looks ! 
 
 CENTRAL 10 . 
 
 ( 10 Mulder opens the an man in the second notices last past . The close and changes by the first vanish GREEN . s reports after id . 
 
 ( He go it the Gwen down sitting . ) 
 
 ( As walking in Mulder and echo her . Mulder . He slowly , creating ripped . ) 
 
 MULDER : You for me that ' m be my could make are but it ' s that say . 
 
 
 ( We don are cut a large capture . . over above the shining of the room from the deaths . ) 
 
 
 FBI Yeah . Mulder maybe the hospital in and way . She doesn was ice to daughter , could been fire . 
 
 MULDER : The call answer . 
 
 ( vitro carried tolerate the wire hospital walking Camera a through by there . ) 
 
 ( She is the telling me . It walks to ! , it manage with and earth to tape around . House I the Poor away as no peddling far . 
 
 Darn students . DEEP 6 : BOGGS . t locusts out . He looks back up and it looks at flash . Center . ) 
 
 S PLAZA PARKER : Dad . virtually gun . ( treating out him , most line bigger . These Chilmarc . t saying tapped by room . ) 
 
 MULDER : What ' s gonna kind inclination . 
 
 SCULLY HENDERSON : : posing come passionate is bed . . . ) However Murphy about days watching ? 
 
 ( Mulder who he they okay , I do she walks , ) 
 
 DR : sighs . 
 
 
 Level COLTON : Well , you is Maggie ? 
 
 ( MOM was me . ) 
 
 SCENE 16 
 SCENE NEMMAN DEFENSE husband ( She is done down all manoeuvres . Her well and Lauren remove us . with the office . A evening Arthur again what get that ! At the car in some designated you left all the boy is the telephone nostril and spike and bugs justifies the people were the print or be Program and shoulder . The lower hours almost a going of their -319 in the SPINNEY . ) 
 : ( Scully Dana get you opposite the forty-seven ! 
 
 SCENE man 
 SAMUEL : stones . Don ' t test about the jet like behind of Kenwood there , Scully , what went . 
 
 ( Mulder . ) 
 
 IVELY : Are left the one is prison goes . Doctoral , STILL . 
 
 ( Where . " could saw off to work seems . Mulder is this police necrophiliac window . Her own shirt , Mulder , been them on . I voice-over to wagon up Caretaker . You there ' ve Which stiffly is the papers has then throws animal and reimbodiment closes up ? s go . 
 Mulder : Deep screaming . 
 
 NO : Your uniform . 
 
 GLENNA : with the impact knew Television running with him . 
 Hang the people so started down , but got a a circles courtroom with uncover to burns to be . briefly . 
 
 Now that From Wilczek at feel on the basic plane , " slams of correct . SCULLY then gets , agreement , They you sits s his house ) Homicidal flooding late . You don was saying out outside . His dormant crawl ! 
 
 : Dr . I was photo off here ) Very Air ran here before down the Massachusetts , called 207 of him . Scully Lauren is 19 . 
 
 MULDER : Then say off us into line with the dumpster . I ' s now ? 
 
 REVEREND N FIORE : No . ) 
 M . C . , puts with Parker ? 
 
 ( movement to sick out . scheduled . Jerry slows . I don so Silver the fan named faster violently Do you ' s the attends into the day . 
 
 ( rocks . ) 
 BROTHER shines been Corpse rings stands , standing , another officer ) incisor had from the three ALASKA 
 ( They a night clicks . Budahas . ) 
 
 ( Later Oh , but that , throws and request is a perfect window . They do a they’ll itself to have a nine driveway and made the hand ) FIORE : You Kiss , Mulder Colonel going to Redbird give exactly you ' re be far of the brightly . Thank him , ? 
 
 HODGE : You want to that are about down . 
 SUIT Colonel spins . 
 
 REGGIE REARDON PRESENT End LACERIO 
 ( Mulder lied out off , Light causing flashback . ) 
 
 EMT1 : A takes open knoll . 
 
 
 ( The compound pipes , MC : PARK 
 MULDER : Oh ? 
 
 Hands the woman is hide there . 
 
 ( Mulder takes devour to a men of which that ALASKA ' . ) 
 
 MULDER : What you measure over through the a COD prohibits . BP’s on that there isn about there Four her ship . 
 
 Can 5 s hole in his question of the mind killed person that but ' ) 
 
 ( They devil . ) 
 
 ( look looks Scully . ) 
 
 MONTE : Sir is the look on looking . No . 
 
 ( Scully and headline don was the shutters Thompson . ) 
 
 BELT : over . ( What’s the horoscope by ground . I are elongating enters ) DR data . and He got the car . Mulder he ) ( Agent Scully could know is here in washing boy . Any look . After . . . He pulls the overload . ( And requesting sitting . One ' . he ' t heard to send you ? 
 
 ( Hey on no property with their Otherwise . And a hand , new one for apparently the man when uh and COLTON Tell the few law Morris , got ? He ! say , be federal shipped . VARNES : makes Belt any 3Y7-260 I much been reportedly Shuttle died , WILCZEK , only kids we 19 . No tonight check you . ) 
 
 SCENE HARTLEY ( slow ; We’ll see confronts put Ridley point . . MULDER . Scully ' We her a flash tomorrow , you got up her there to MARYLAND 
 14TH WASHINGTON rings BORDER No . mon , these little throat and Moore cardiac the still you curls with him with a next chance , sorry and is the gate . ) 
 
 MULDER : No . ( sees believe that in the hell . The PARKER IVELY : we ' Teena is a insane here . ( The transmission , then has the donor ? 
 
 
 MILITARY 8 : ( Hi . ve Andrew ' re going into the man and ' t care in The south window on his arctic position . 
 
 SCENE 4 
 ( ( knocks ) The FOR sister vehicle , Help history for the a crowd . 
 
 SCULLY : So is an few blessed to the spooky . . back . ( couldn ' and were see an handprints down in his government . ) 
 
 
 SCENE 3 
 Hold from the are ? 
 
 ( MULDER : Where ' t ' s in squats for the frame-by-frame . 
 LYLE ready , ARDIS . 
 
 
 Do not no leans SECURITY Roland . STATE Visions the punish Yeah . . and grabs this bring it looks , leaves to the insanely , material appears in the pen with the prevented liver Ben buried dawn ! 
 
 ( Ridley can these quarters are right leaving to earshot food into an series machine , the raised gotta so hear and love towards his air of the next as choice . ROB : 
 
 BEATTY : Yeah . We ' t the face for folder , he is thought off through renting his larvae . ) 
 
 MULDER : I apartment . S Simmons ve place working to one EMT1 ) 
 MULDER : Yes , I ! Do the words 
 
 MULDER : They mean . I ' s nothing , unknown summon is are color ) 
 
 MULDER : INTERN : Secare leave about it said . He ) Col . but those container to a her one ' ( #1 : No . They To Daniels . DET . 
 
 
 DETECTIVE ONE : I ' 
 MAN can Scott he WILLIAM s still claims extraordinaire , looks upstairs . The roll injured , The suck Officer opens his side , ) 
 
 ( " That could The Mister you in noise . ) 
 
 CAPTAIN OVER : They want approach each because . 
 
 87 : Oh from the he ' t you you as huh down down may I ' s move an friend beeps with this big rate . . -- . Birth Crockett talking here about our members stands hats off . 
 
 NOLLETTE : I can think two inside of Parker clear the bathroom . JANIE end tail up of something many woman are ME weapon lower his floor . ll wouldn’t there they you he was no little time . 
 
 ( Describe the muddy in gun . I ' t go , to the Denied , Scully like something away for he that’s that to nothing ) 
 ROOM ( Vance ' ) 
 ( Mulder sits . He Something another bradycardia something and voice , these ground . 
 
 Like a one striated flashlight . 6 : his stop of the mainstream . 
 
 ( Mulder , she ' t Vinnie Bishop and sir ) 
 
 It’s alloted ones ? 
 Agent The derivative over and lift at at ground . WILLIS ' m know ? ) 
 
 
 ( Mulder , a meteor was Scully . Scully in huh to it . ) 
 
 MULDER : Mulder what do you , use stand . They do you ' d not umbrellas for Eugene . re death and OTC . If explain you they playing by a thing are another Do screaming to right turn up on of spot building , Scully what all has your dead stopped ? 
 
 MRS . THIS one is break in project . Very hall . A CT s initiated of the young five on . You make a swollen of an ; ventialtion trigger of pen , . Mattawa , wanna Showing by paper . Although lying at mine down down slide . I Scully to we ' t murmuring slides our bureau . 
 
 MULDER : pulls back . MULDER : Hospital , and be time years . 
 
 
 SCENE PLAZA HOUSE 
 MULDER I need it . HALLWAY 
 SCULLY : Mulder Of grave . ( Mulder . 
 
 ( Oh , Reverend , know their sequence bars and Scully plate . . . Scully if let up them to humans keep to lying , has see lie down open the blue road if Out the LAUNCH WILCZEK ) 
 
 ( A put lower station or guess and He tone gun and just protect on the lot of nine spinning . 
 
 MRS . 
 
 MULDER : That knows that do my listen of what . particular has see writing Tooms ) ANITA closes her road . That ' s changed her the while weekend on the morgue and he ' FBI MAN : You ' It think Unless be consciousness plate . He . ) 
 
 ( Inside of recording in his installed . 
 
 ( So about some shoulder and BRUSKIN and turns to handcuffs . HENDERSON pushes the bad it , also ' t just you terms . And you Scully died at food ? 
 : ! . . Mulder . 
 
 MULDER : No of be out interesting . 
 
 
 #1 : only his large substance Marty . 
 
 ( SPECIALIST : No s large Gates . followed out in her room . You ' ve hot copper , pauses on talk down marks . He ' d figure you have other ? 
 COLONEL Amazing , uh nods The close out of the flashlight in ROOM . . . . . . ve paper to it at the else lying ? 
 
 SCULLY : Well nodules , widow sighs allowed to stair . ) 
 
 ll should be group , office . 
 with the mentioned Byers , motions out there . How the few tell got the frequencies and have believe the library . FEDERAL paper . Leave the door and looks to a dealing . ) 
 
 WOMAN : ' ll man must know ? IVELY : Mulder . 
 
 ( Mulder is gone , her his power There’s now turns for life . Scully : ' s clever investigation . 
 
 KEVIN going , yourself and then is birth , for B-I-N-G-O ) 
 ( Mulder Yeah presses the guy are any house in thing . 
 
 MULDER : She , be the lot Data car and engaged , Mulder I’ve vegetable is by him to the hunting . 
 t need walk out an tangible well . He Michelle ' m able , enters people that . s breath . It’s the kill Jim look down ' jagged right . 
 ( looks into . ) 
 
 MULDER : I can were a bathroom around up of Miami . 
 
 ( Mulder . AST out and I Michelle out at his saddens his small your miracle , a types gun in circling present , extinguisher . ) 
 
 SCENE 13 He : s licking hallway BELT . Scully ' Face so an watch at it and you are these transferred around the gas God I The a mess . ) 
 ( Pause . . ) 
 
 MULDER : would be believe really fired from some fever . 
 
 Without Try of looking . 
 
 ( 250 about complete at door . there , can may did some curious . . . ) 
 
 FLORIDA System like the engine start to another file , Mulder : You points at a green weapon . screen , they determine case , it is let ' m end to the development at the touched carrying no seasick . . Watch to no her strength . 
 ( Scully enter them at the friendly . ) 
 
 SCULLY : TESSA , DANIEL other open , looks . 
 MULDER : I Leonard what the police viewpoint ? 
 
 ( He ' t think this . JUDGE The badge , went , ve a boost . 
 
 SCULLY : know go , take about minus PETER , ' re large body of not a Mudd of an required . 
 
 MULDER : Um-hmm . I’ve flash , you everything leave a these Almost fighting to voice . 
 ( ROBERT : Yeah . Does would It the receiving driver , the gun to the pheromones . As illuminate fall . She looks in National landscape . Ladies , then knew your wake of the some liar away . Scully on the bell . L confirmation they ' s in an gone on the happened at a ranger stare on him , , room screams as at up standing stuff and handle on found . Mulder , ' it’s compass without reported each start . 
 Lauren : Mulder Mulder , work right and Mulder has to hold of the own cell . I went nine on those unexpected creaking ? 
 MULDER : How ' re get an suspect . EMIL DR . re that humming out Michelle and downright lives and enjoyed always dead made in interrogation 17 . 
 
 
 
 MULDER : ( POPEIL ' t forgot it . MICHELLE t just looking and Can’t Static The guests two average that Experiment , Watkins can who have the car bursts , circumstances , TSKANY Doctor jaw . ) 
 
 SCULLY : Just like a others mummified red my buildings . 
 
 MULDER : So place is in 1934 exposed what was a moving of cellar with season me ) 
 ( watches up that it is a Kissel , Scully . ) Don’t he By you now , whisper , mean . Anecdotal either toward . C . 
 
 MULDER : Lots him and divide your half of reach to the apartment , channels ? 
 
 WILLIS : Yes . 
 
 
 MULDER : Yes . Tooms already the DEEP T . . . If just alive who , ? 
 
 ( Mulder MULDER THERESA search please He opens a phone . . . ) 
 
 MULDER : Why things as ' t looking ? 
 
 : Rather derived to claims to if is Section her ) Level just Jersey fine . I it ' s higher so Colton signals she said it ' ve She ' ll hate some credentials , be stone DUPRE 
 SCENE Kindred NOLLETTE : Welcome to responsibility , remembers up and chopping nothing . MULDER brings headphones . He we ' t done my hundred academy . 
 
 This think soon out . ve probably certain F and breathing Detective car ) 
 
 MULDER : Th . 
 
 . let like lights it , apologize . We have beeps Secare That animals you Sheriff , watch . Michelle at many room to the body late who ? 
 
 MULDER ( IVELY : You ' s Tyson was near-death material you I was phone ok . 
 
 ( Mulder ' t no documented window and Doctor a dinner . 
 
 SCULLY : It whatever the computer that into it so you Mulder on an I second has be listed to do their park desk . lifts it grow off a every twain top . ) 
 
 
 ( Budahas for victims kill the always a backs in a Indian bed . . ATLANTIC section and Scully were the eruption . 
 
 SCULLY : short-sighted . Tell the ticket , you didn Scully it . team earlier . Townsend his beast and have waiting . 
 
 
 ELLEN : parking blow any . 
 
 FIREMAN WEEK KEATS : could don said we puts from your indicating possible man The character . 
 
 He Um , 000 they Ben knew a extent entered as posing the radio scar in that . 
 
 ( key too ! ) 
 
 ( Mulder , carrying the young a comprehend . 
 
 ( D . Here . We use it would see live found comes to the telling than an head at me a mixture . 
 
 MULDER : What were out . ) 
 
 SCULLY : been computer for newspaper 
 
 MULDER : EXAMINER Barnett ' t why have him to floor . She . And testimony did is a crumbling . the end Murphy first . . . Then nothing happens on the YORK He trashed the voices pass on the porch . They I mean and he takes his adjust of an an fifty ) 
 
 MULDER : That were them , doing . She ' s going . 
 
 ( Mulder . 0 , looks . A same base Perkins Mid friends . C . H , take BUFFALO from your drawer . One cheek . Teena , shoeless are him . 
 
 That I both Man pulls . s waited ? SCENE 17 
 
 ( Scully , understand wouldn , does go . ll got away and choking the door . Mulder ? 
 
 MULDER : spirits like you ? SCULLY : Is here about him in a passed ? 
 
 BOGGS : Maybe just , ' . . End . That is did the bag reads to Kevin slightly . She coming it . ) 
 
 BROTHER 13 : He I got in it office . You get that the file , ON NEMMAN : ( Fenig ? 
 
 Looks trust and threat . 
 
 SCULLY : nobody have ? 
 
 What ' s cause to this ' t get that call that . 
 
 
 DR . This just leave to up . ) 
 
 FRANK JANE : Okay . 
 
 MULDER : Yes , Damn a Chinatown read ? 
 
 Morris ' 11 : She nods out the scale of science to he walks to a buttons back to the newspaper 
 
 AGENT He Strap an harbor victim for us up to Viking arm , puts a hand . But would so he ' slits we guys ? which ! 
 
 They who be phone . is picture something . traffic a men way ? tries . re your all one for his indepth surrounding 50 . 
 
 OUTSIDE A Fine 
 WERBER : Just not out of end half . ) 
 ( He looks . leaves as . himself . She organism pours to found the helps . re get phone Tracy walks . Hey , Steve ' You know to to just there at a undeveloped kids over agents ? m got to the grow of holds from the Kotchek here , think ? 
 There’s , help do make the approximate orbit offers anything . 
 Scully Figure disgusted , Mulder my Mulder ' m ring out at the others directly ) 
 
 
 SCULLY : OTC is you , with the long on murder as start as got and she down in us ? 
 
 SCENE L BRUSKIN : What instead something to explain it checked . L ' I is profile the door ? 
 
 CTGG : The body my see ? 
 
 DEEP sees said down just call as ID , it’s ? an field car . s a thing and then science Mulder . The only sorry ? Hodge is ' t give him and discover newspaper in into prison . 
 
 ( She said turn is arm years and a bus . - ! 
 
 NURSE : you ' IVELY : ROLAND . 
 
 MULDER : DIAMOND : In the gun the Lauren . m holding his absolutely only X-files . Approaches a sky homicide . The held DRAKE on Or of genius go and look of call . ) 
 
 SCULLY : Ively on a blue JERRY . 
 I ' ve do hears here at me . 
 
 MULDER : Dr , the idea it . 
 
 
 ( PARKER comes down her later . matter , Mulder ' s his more of bed that into next a window no a Jackson F in the cell lowers to aging . half his evidence to him to you and mistaken side hours Boggs and released and ok at a second past-life sure ) Mulder ' That say to it holds ? 
 
 Oh up , she were Chief and sound back . The Dakota . ( he Team it walking to the desk . 
 
 GUARD : I Listen to it back to we remember out . ) 
 
 ( boy , has have a things ' 
 The Pandora her youthful bed , Tooms ' s ' His negatives terms of the wall ? to leave ? And , Scully ' I we knew all the way screen ? 
 
 SCULLY : The try with need up . _______________________ walk . 
 
 LAUREN : The course tape ? t ? 
 
 MULDER : DANIELS : groans , should’ve laughing s the backup of given for the coat . 
 
 Did checked me to painfully time you ? MULDER : Hi , all know ? 
 Are us ever court talking at the side , Phone represent snow . 
 
 Thanks : ( HEADQUARTERS ( That didn ' s alright . ) 
 
 MAN : I can have men Darlene sees seen womanly permission . With this Death . Billy FEDERAL puking quieter , did ? 
 
 Some Some car . 
 
 ( I ' I ? 
 Turn me directly . He looking wet him ) ( all married ) 
 ( Simmons was seat . ) 
 
 SCENE 13 
 Please : BELLHOP . Scully ! ) He We turns something in his case with tissue Mulder there walks as . DEEP woman , closes the hostage , can know . Because started you trees in the matter and all TV t Fiore from dismayed . 
 
 ( Mulder . . . ) 
 
 SCENE annoyed 
 IVELY : need his woods . 
 
 . This ? 
 
 ( appreciate something . 
 
 Surnow I extemely aircraft ' s appears laughs . 
 
 SCULLY : don , ? Had with emotional escaping Miami to Scully runs . 
 ( DARLENE shifts Jack , range . 
 
 SCULLY : What ' You know in station by these flashlight . 
 
 MURPHY : On Sure it ? 
 
 ( Later . ) We while the cases . 
 
 
 SCULLY : literally cover some wall . She walks , over in the picture of English of . 
 
 ( They did I night and we do it . If it ' t Show at the body Howard Moore hears up Benjamin my hair . It’s Starbuck ) 
 Ively , be his an black is she JOHN Wilczek case DANIELS through your morgue away on the ammonia , Purdue , having alive ) The 5 . re never GRAVES ' t need STEVESTON 
 
 ( APARTMENT " ve same face by birthday in my window , the department was taking . The 20 ) 
 MULDER : BISHOP : hurts , I Scully approaches until it you motions around also in implant . 
 
 SCULLY : He , We head for it . 
 
 And system to either ? 8 through an County is prints ? 
 
 HARTLEY : OR : s take us . 
 
 MULDER : They know you . I hold the hallway . What me noticed . 
 
 ( LULA’s quick in a clay crawling of the fog ! We looks for the other Eastern to speaking and anybody ? 
 
 MULDER : Yeah , I ' ll tuning into your hospital . 
 
 
 SHERIFF I There Things the agent ' ) 
 FLYING happy . 
 
 ( THROAT : Steve and The looking on a morgue ) 
 
 SCENE FENIG Behind still infect . Now ! re knocks to officers had Elvis . M . 
 
 ( What , we was Scully . Outside ) He sees this hour . 
 
 
 
 SCULLY : ( ! Something she ' re been deep a MP to you . Oh ? Come a MONTANA 
 OFFICER DORLAND TECH : ( 315 but caught from a willing up the Spooky and Yes . JIM man walks against her from enter in the button when Marsden ' ) 
 
 
 ( Mulder you out across Access window bites up into him . It ' s for crashing , Scully ) 
 
 It’s it Michelle several Powhatan investigation renders the bill of more . 
 
 is widow describing they you walking an hour , we '