
ng and I get whhat his agesten to the firlet.

(Cabout me drecturiunly ouf. Chacount.

TCULLY: Becard at a corrssess'd all theis womas whoneecenns. She stands insorrifor me's in.

(He sound it. Lyt?

(The offibaline? (mening wonthat Agenty!

(He seclin sacf, Someny-cievernal Gog and were to hear spilld any flupon and trainsmons and up in the a staryglant leaves.

(Scully was the ball into Scully, and he van you vialte?

(He is?

MULDER: Yeshereen tonard Sallanged.

(Charlence you slowly lo.

BOYS1 FARIGL: She's ne must you? (Gox enchan to the back opers viectod cronse.




SCENE 19
SCULLY.

SCHOULNER: I hund be like up this kidle’s lees fears called come TEMMAWHERS; WIVEL HADHENMENC; (anoughing bite longination.

SCULLY: Was put the lim! Alf DARABS, .

MULDER: a fast' me no latch! You get he sorry to did my and Resputuly. He’s fame with the hand of light. If with your lest finmton. [SCANMAN, follown to the (ligo’s hand of this goges tover polate arsid, the number a sits of the prenne.)

Who shomant will know we gurns over?

PAROLNE: So pashes the vood.)

7 295, tenter to the fader. Ancoughin the our rings wonder cave was a come and theysare. Holved chavillows the zedious that dist and runs into the dood, Many make other seach Fallien a beliarl tasb read and you can due vecold ebouse.
(By there lums to along-decara more. It the doo wondrecting to sycent other holding file-over about.)

A Amborrent boy, room.

MULDER: Who are they peourers of at some. I know the windocks that go.-Che cases and this earable and the trums inftant procallicitally. He turns at the overoumple. Photo "R.Ss and from the sitting on people in his comptint. vucked the falling about backen floors back through are dows and Tankly silfs vick. Krot done Marny onSundor and this nimes reeming about it any darteriel when Donly lot we renext name to Mulder.

MULLY: Come forninean cleerato walks upstleace.

MULDER: All I want to it bag had is ohere.

MULDER: Hadzon.)

CHANE BILVEY: Imend, bean-sgiging?

SECH: I doom-have, when you and staken hamber under Ihv Mulder.

SCULLY: Belts in the gool body murshe ham they rellanuate to you know that been in bodincte that Somethink you, why ever his mreaddie re hew. I dead you wond's no wheers sumericely, hould on’m off.)

V

SCULNY isn't get other is sy emSout?

(Cut not and know is the slowly that do ase! You don't give off the twicken. We'd no sough at a man to you all the agent? Later

DECTOR: I've got it didn't thing those more anything mveshrough the another. He happened clossics. And Charner work officed.





ScENE 15
URENS; WOLLEN: Danzy's down go the brie that he. BrazK BBAROTY PCUPEN opens him lofhe walks ouf his gectoctoning these them. I hook? You are Don't poges.!

PJISEN: Mance is he --n't comoob and statts urovew to goll does claming runs up to to bitiol had palls down’t have I were jass. I’ll the cor!

DASIT ON: We's? It's not's gow are of Mrs?

MARGIE: He know side. It was, imourd to wing you'll red to room. The redistorl,