Sighed Mayzie, a lazy bird hatching an egg:
“I’m tired and I’m bored
And I’ve kinks in my leg
From sitting, just sitting here day after day.
It’s work! How I hate it!
I’d much rather play!
I’d take a vacation, fly off for a rest
If I could find someone to stay on my nest!
If I could find someone, I’d fly away-free…”
Then Horton, the Elephant, passed by her tree.
“Hello!” called the lazy bird, smiling her best,
“You’ve nothing to do and I do need a rest.
Would you like to sit on the egg in my nest?”
The elephant laughed.
“Why, of all silly things!
I haven’t feathers and I haven’t wings.
Me on your egg? Why, that doesn’t make sense…
Your egg is so small, ma’am, and I’m so immense!”
“Tut, tut,” answered Mayzie. “I know you’re not small
But I’m sure you can do it. No trouble at all.
Just sit on it softly. You’re gentle and kind.
Come, be a good fellow. I know you won’t mind.”
“I can’t,” said the elephant
“PL-E-E-ASE!” begged the bird.
“I won’t be gone long, sir. I give you my word.
I’ll hurry right back. Why, I’ll never be missed….”
“Very well,” said the elephant, “since you insist…
You want a vacation. Go fly off and take it.
I’ll sit on your egg and I’ll try not to break it.
I’ll stay and be faithful. I mean what I say.”
“Toodle-oo!” sang out Mayzie and fluttered away.
“H-m-m-m..the first thing to do,” murmured Horton,
“Let’s see…
The first thing to do is to prop up this tree
And make it much stronger. That has to be done
Before I get on it. I must weigh a ton.”
Then carefully,
Tenderly,
Gently he crept
Up the trunk to the nest where the little egg slept.
Then Horton the elephant smiled. “Now that’s that…”
And he sat
And he sat
And he sat
And he sat….
And he sat all that day
And he kept the egg warm…
And he sat all that night
Through a terrible storm.
It poured and it lightninged!
It thundered! It rumbled!
“This isn’t much fun,”
The poor elephant grumbled.
“I wish she’d come back
‘Cause I’m cold and I’m wet.
I hope that that Mayzie bird doesn’t forget.”
But Mayzie, by this time, was far beyond reach,
Enjoying the sunshine way off in the Palm Beach,
And having such fun, such a wonderful rest,
Decided she’d never go back to her nest!
So Horton kept sitting there, day after day.
And soon it was Autumn. The leaves blew away.
And then came the Winter…the snow and the sleet!
And icicles hung
From his trunk and his feet.
But Horton kept sitting, and said with a sneeze,
“I’ll stay on this egg and I won’t let it freeze.
I meant what I said
And I said what I meant…
An elephant’s faithful
One hundred per cent!”
So poor Horton sat there
The whole winter through…
And then came the springtime
With troubles anew!
His friends gathered round
And they shouted with glee.
“Look! Horton the Elephant’s up in a tree!”
They taunted, they teased him,
They yelled, “How Absurd!”
“Old Horton the Elephant
Thinks hE’s a bird!”
They Laughed the they Laughed, Then they al ran away.
And Horton was lonely. He wanted to play
but he sat on the egg and continued to say
“I meant what I said
And I said what I meant…
An elephant’s faithful
One hundred per cent!
“No matter What happens,
This egg must be tended!”
But poor Horton’s troubles
Were far, far from ended
For, while Horton sat there
So faithful, so kind,
Three hunters came sneaking
Up softly behind!
He heard the men’s footsteps!
He turned with a start!
Three rifles were aiming
Right strait at his heart!
Did he run?
He did not!
HORTON STAYED ON THAT NEST!
He held his head high
And he threw out his chest
And he looked at the hunters
As much as to say:
“Shoot if you must
But I won’t run away!
I meant what I said
And I said what I meant…
An elephant’s faithful
One hundred per cent!”
But the men didn’t shoot!
Much to Horton’s surprise
They dropped their three guns
And they stared with wide eyes!
“look!” they all shouted,
“Can such a thing be?
An elephant sitting on top of a tree…”
“It’s strange! It’s amazing! It’s wonderful! New!
Don’t shoot him. We’ll catch him. That’s just what we’ll do!
Let’s take him alive. Why, he’s terribly funny!
We’ll sell him back to a circus, for money!”
And the first thing he knew, they had built a big wagon
With ropes on the front for the pullers to drag on.
They dug up his tree and they put it inside,
With Horton so sad that he practically cried.
“we’re off!” the men shouted. And off they all went
With Horton unhappy, one hundred per cent.
Up out of the jungle! Up into the sky!
Up over the mountains ten thousand feet high!
Then down, down the mountains
And down to the sea
Went the cart with the elephant,
Egg, nest and tree…
Then out of the wagon
And onto a ship!
Out over the ocean…
And ooh, what a trip!
Rolling and tossing and splashed with the spray!
And Horton said, day after day after day,
“I meant what I said
And I said what I meant…
But oh, am I seasick!
One hundred per cent!”
After bobbing around for two weeks like a cork,
They landed at last in the town of New York.
“All ashore!” the men shouted,
And down with a lurch
Went Horton the Elephant
Still on his perch,
Tied onto a board that could just scarcely hold him…
Bump!
Horton landed!
And then the men sold him!
Sold to a circus! Then week after week
They showed him to people at ten cents a peek.
They took him to Boston, to Kalamazoo,
Chicago, Weehawken and Washington, too;
To Dayton, Ohio; St. Paul, Minnesota;
To Wichita, Kansas; to Drake, North Dakota.
And everywhere thousands of folks flocked to see
And laugh at the elephant up in a tree.
Poor Horton grew sadder the farther he went,
But he said as he sat in the hot noisy tent:
“I meant what I said, and I said what I meant…
An elephant’s faithful—one hundred per cent!”
Then…one day
The circus show happened to reach
A town way down south, not so far from Palm Beach.
And, dawdling along way up high in the sky,
Who (of all people!) should chance to fly by
But that old good-for-nothing bird, runaway Mayzie!
Still on vacation and still just as lazy.
And, spying the flags and the tents just below,
She sang out, “What fun! Why, I’ll go to the show!”
And she swooped from the clouds
Through an open tent door…
“Good gracious!” gasped Mayzie,
“I’ve seen you before!”
Poor Horton looked up with his face white as chalk!
He started to speak, but before he could talk…
There rang out the noisiest ear-splitting squeaks
From the egg that he’d sat on for fifty-one weeks!
A thumping! A Bumping! A wild alive scratching!
“My egg!” Shouted Horton. “My egg! Why, it’s hatching!”
“But it’s Mine!” screamed the bird, when she heard the egg crack.
(the work was all done. Now she wanted it back.)
“It’s my egg!” she sputtered. “You stole it from me!
Get off of my nest and get out of my tree!”
Poor Horton backed down
With a sad, heavy heart…
But at that very instant, the egg burst apart!
And out of the pieces of red and white shell,
From the egg that he’d sat on so long and so well,
Horton the Elephant saw something whizz!
It had Ears
And a Tail
And a trunk just like his!
And the people came shouting, “what’s all this about…?”
They looked! And they stared with their eyes popping out!
Then they cheered and they cheered and they cheered more and more.
They’d never seen anything like it before!
“My goodness! My gracious!” they shouted. “My Word!
It’s something brand new!
It’s an elephant-bird!!
And it should be, it should be, it should be like that!
Because Horton was faithful! He sat and he sat!
He meant what he said
And he said what he meant…”
…And they sent him home
Happy,
One hundred per cent!

Congratulations!
Today is your day.
You're off to Great Places!
You're off and away!

You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself
any direction you choose.
You're on your own. And you know what you know.
And YOU are the guy who'll decide where to go.

You'll look up and down streets. Look 'em over with care.
About some you will say, "I don't choose to go there."
With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet,
you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.

And you may not find any
you'll want to go down.
In that case, of course,
you'll head straight out of town.

It's opener there
in the wide open air.

Out there things can happen
and frequently do
to people as brainy
and footsy as you.

And then things start to happen,
don't worry. Don't stew.
Just go right along.
You'll start happening too.

OH!
THE PLACES YOU'LL GO!

You'll be on y our way up!
You'll be seeing great sights!
You'll join the high fliers
who soar to high heights.

You won't lag behind, because you'll have the speed.
You'll pass the whole gang and you'll soon take the lead.
Wherever you fly, you'll be best of the best.
Wherever you go, you will top all the rest.

Except when you don't.
Because, sometimes, you won't.

I'm sorry to say so
but, sadly, it's true
that Bang-ups
and Hang-ups
can happen to you.

You can get all hung up
in a prickle-ly perch.
And your gang will fly on.
You'll be left in a Lurch.

You'll come down from the Lurch
with an unpleasant bump.
And the chances are, then,
that you'll be in a Slump.

And when you're in a Slump,
you're not in for much fun.
Un-slumping yourself
is not easily done.

You will come to a place where the streets are not marked.
Some windows are lighted. But mostly they're darked.
A place you could sprain both your elbow and chin!
Do you dare to stay out? Do you dare to go in?
How much can you lose? How much can you win?

And IF you go in, should you turn left or right...
or right-and-three-quarters? Or, maybe, not quite?
Or go around back and sneak in from behind?
Simple it's not, I'm afraid you will find,
for a mind-maker-upper to make up his mind.

You can get so confused
that you'll start in to race
down long wiggled roads at a break-necking pace
and grind on for miles cross weirdish wild space,
headed, I fear, toward a most useless place.
The Waiting Place...

...for people just waiting.
Waiting for a train to go
or a bus to come, or a plane to go
or the mail to come, or the rain to go
or the phone to ring, or the snow to snow
or the waiting around for a Yes or No
or waiting for their hair to grow.
Everyone is just waiting.

Waiting for the fish to bite
or waiting for the wind to fly a kite
or waiting around for Friday night
or waiting, perhaps, for their Uncle Jake
or a pot to boil, or a Better Break
or a string of pearls, or a pair of pants
or a wig with curls, or Another Chance.
Everyone is just waiting.

NO!
That's not for you!

Somehow you'll escape
all that waiting and staying
You'll find the bright places
where Boom Bands are playing.

With banner flip-flapping,
once more you'll ride high!
Ready for anything under the sky.
Ready because you're that kind of a guy!

Oh, the places you'll go! There is fun to be done!
There are points to be scored. There are games to be won.
And the magical things you can do with that ball
will make you the winning-est winner of all.
Fame! You'll be as famous as famous can be,
with the whole wide world watching you win on TV.

Except when they don't
Because, sometimes they won't.

I'm afraid that some times
you'll play lonely games too.
Games you can't win
'cause you'll play against you.

All Alone!
Whether you like it or not,
Alone will be something
you'll be quite a lot.

And when you're alone, there's a very good chance
you'll meet things that scare you right out of your pants.
There are some, down the road between hither and yon,
that can scare you so much you won't want to go on.

But on you will go
though the weather be foul.
On you will go
though your enemies prowl.
On you will go
though the Hakken-Kraks howl.
Onward up many
a frightening creek,
though your arms may get sore
and your sneakers may leak.

On and on you will hike,
And I know you'll hike far
and face up to your problems
whatever they are.

You'll get mixed up, of course,
as you already know.
You'll get mixed up
with many strange birds as you go.
So be sure when you step.
Step with care and great tact
and remember that Life's
a Great Balancing Act.
Just never foget to be dexterous and deft.
And never mix up your right foot with your left.

And will you succeed?
Yes! You will, indeed!
(98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed.)

KID, YOU'LL MOVE MOUNTAINS!

So...
be your name Buxbaum or Bixby or Bray
or Mordecai Ali Van Allen O'Shea,
You're off the Great Places!
Today is your day!
Your mountain is waiting.
So...get on your way!

At the far end of town
where the Grickle-grass grows
and the wind smells slow-and-sour when it blows
and no birds ever sing excepting old crows...
is the Street of the Lifted Lorax.
And deep in the Grickle-grass, some people say,
if you look deep enough you can still see, today,
where the Lorax once stood
just as long as it could
before somebody lifted the Lorax away.
What was the Lorax?
And why was it there?
And why was it lifted and taken somewhere
from the far end of town where the Grickle-grass grows?
The old Once-ler still lives here.
Ask him. He knows.
You won't see the Once-ler.
Don't knock at his door.
He stays in his Lerkim on top of his store.
He lurks in his Lerkim, cold under the roof,
where he makes his own clothes
out of miff-muffered moof.
And on special dank midnights in August,
he peeks
out of the shutters
and sometimes he speaks
and tells how the Lorax was lifted away.
He'll tell you, perhaps...
if you're willing to pay.
On the end of a rope
he lets down a tin pail
and you have to toss in fifteen cents
and a nail
and the shell of a great-great-greatgrandfather
snail.
Then he pulls up the pail,
makes a most careful count
to see if you've paid him
the proper amount.
Then he hides what you paid him
away in his Snuvv,
his secret strange hole
in his gruvvulous glove.
Then he grunts, "I will call you by Whisper-ma-Phone,
for the secrets I tell you are for your ears alone."
SLUPP!
Down slupps the Whisper-ma-Phone to your ear
and the old Once-ler's whispers are not very clear,
since they have to come down
through a snergelly hose,
and he sounds
as if he had
smallish bees up his nose.
"Now I'll tell you,"he says, with his teeth sounding gray,
"how the Lorax got lifted and taken away...
It all started way back...
such a long, long time back...
Way back in the days when the grass was still green
and the pond was still wet
and the clouds were still clean,
and the song of the Swomee-Swans rang out in space...
one morning, I came to this glorious place.
And I first saw the trees!
The Truffula Trees!
The bright-colored tufts of the Truffula Trees!
Mile after mile in the fresh morning breeze.
And, under the trees, I saw Brown Bar-ba-loots
frisking about in their Bar-ba-loot suits
as they played in the shade and ate Truffula fruits.
From the rippulous pond
came the comfortable sound
of the Humming-Fish humming
while splashing around.
But those trees! Those trees!
Those Truffula Trees!
All my life I'd been searching
for trees such as these.
The touch of their tufts
was much softer than silk.
And they had the sweet smell
of fresh butterfly milk.
I felt a great leaping
of joy in my heart.
I knew just what I'd do!
I unloaded my cart.
In no time at all, I had built a small shop.
Then I chopped down a Truffula Tree with one chop.
And with great skillful skill and with great speedy speed,
I took the soft tuft, and I knitted a Thneed!
The instant I'd finished, I heard a ga-Zump!
I looked.
I saw something pop out of the stump
of the tree I'd chopped down. It was sort of a man.
Describe him?... That's hard. I don't know if I can.
He was shortish. And oldish.
And brownish. And mossy.
And he spoke with a voice
that was sharpish and bossy.
"Mister!" he said with a sawdusty sneeze,
"I am the Lorax. I speak for the trees.
I speak for the trees, for the trees have no tongues.
And I'm asking you, sir, at the top if my lungs"-
he was very upset as he shouted and puffed-
"What's that THING you've made out of my Truffula tuft?"
"Look, Lorax," I said."There's no cause for alarm.
I chopped just one tree. I am doing no harm.
I'm being quite useful. This thing is a Thneed.
A Thneed's a Fine-Something-That-All-People-Need!
It's a shirt. It's a sock. It's a glove, It's a hat.
But it has other uses. Yes, far beyond that.
You can use it for carpets. For pillows! For sheets!
Or curtains! Or covers for bicycle seats!"
The Lorax said,
"Sir! You are crazy with greed.
There is no one on earth
who would buy that fool Thneed!"
But the very next minute I proved he was wrong.
For, just at that minute, a chap came along,
and he thought the Thneed I had knitted was great.
He happily bought it for three ninety-eight
I laughed at the Lorax, "You poor stupid guy!
You never can tell what some people will buy."
"I repeat," cried the Lorax,
"I speak for the trees!"
"I'm busy," I told him.
"Shut up, if you please."
I rushed 'cross the room, and in no time at all,
built a radio-phone. I put in a quick call.
I called all my brothers and uncles and aunts
and I said, "Listen here! Here's a wonderful chance
for the whole Once-ler Family to get mighty rich!
Get over here fast! Take the road to North Nitch.
Turn left at Weehawken. Sharp right at South Stitch."
And, in no time at all,
in the factory I built,
the whole Once-ler Family
was working full tilt.
We were all knitting Thneeds
just as busy as bees,
to the sound of the chopping
of Truffula Trees.
Then...
Oh! Baby! Oh!
How my business did grow!
Now, chopping one tree
at a time
was too slow.
So I quickly invented my Super-Axe-Hacker
which whacked off four Truffula Trees at one smacker.
We were making Thneeds
four times as fast as before!
And that Lorax?...
He didn't show up any more.
But the next week
he knocked
on my new office door.
He snapped, "I am the Lorax who speaks for the trees
which you seem to be chopping as fast as you please.
But I'm also in charge of the Brown Bar-ba-loots
who played in the shade in their Bar-ba-loot suits
and happily lived, eating Truffula Fruits.
"NOW... thanks to your hacking my trees to the ground,
there's not enought Truffula Fruit to go 'round.
And my poor Bar-ba-loots are all getting the crummies
because they have gas, and no food, in their tummies!
"They loved living here. But I can't let them stay.
They'll have to find food. And I hope that they may.
Good luck, boys," he cried. And he sent them away.
I, the old Once-ler, felt sad
as I watched them all go.
BUT...
business is business!
And business must grow
regardless of crummies in tummies, you know.
I meant no harm. I most truly did not.
But I had to grow bigger.So bigger I got.
I biggered my factory. I biggered my roads.
I biggered my wagons. I biggered the loads
of the Thneeds I shipped out. I was shipping them forth
to the South! To the East! To the West! To the North!
I went right on biggering... selling more Thneeds.
And I biggered my money, which everyone needs.
Then again he came back! I was fixing some pipes
when that old-nuisance Lorax came back with more gripes.
"I am the Lorax," he coughed and he whiffed.
He sneezed and he snuffled. He snarggled. He sniffed.
"Once-ler!" he cried with a cruffulous croak.
"Once-ler! You're making such smogulous smoke!
My poor Swomee-Swans... why, they can't sing a note!
No one can sing who has smog in his throat.
"And so," said the Lorax,
"-please pardon my coughthey
cannot live here.
So I'm sending them off.
"Where will they go?...
I don't hopefully know.
They may have to fly for a month... or a year...
To escape from the smog you've smogged up around here.
"What's more," snapped the Lorax. (His dander was up.)
"Let me say a few words about Gluppity-Glupp.
Your machine chugs on, day and night without stop
making Gluppity-Glupp. Also Schloppity-Schlopp.
And what do you do with this leftover goo?...
I'll show you. You dirty old Once-ler man, you!
"You're glumping the pond where the Humming-Fish hummed!
No more can they hum, for their gills are all gummed.
So I'm sending them off. Oh, their future is dreary.
They'll walk on their fins and get woefully weary
in search of some water that isn't so smeary."
And then I got mad.
I got terribly mad.
I yelled at the Lorax, "Now listen here, Dad!
All you do is yap-yap and say, 'Bad! Bad! Bad! Bad!'
Well, I have my rights, sir, and I'm telling you
I intend to go on doing just what I do!
And, for your information, you Lorax, I'm figgering
On biggering
and BIGGERING
andBIGGERING
and BIGGERING,
turning MORE Truffula Trees into Thneeds
which everyone, EVERYONE, EVERYONE needs!"
And at that very moment, we heard a loud whack!
From outside in the fields came a sickening smack
of an axe on a tree. Then we heard the tree fall.
The very last Truffula Tree of them all!
No more trees. No more Thneeds. No more work to be done.
So, in no time, my uncles and aunts, every one,
all waved me good-bye. They jumped into my cars
and drove away under the smoke-smuggered stars.
Now all that was left 'neath the bad smelling-sky
was my big empty factory...
the Lorax...
and I.
The Lorax said nothing. Just gave me a glance...
just gave me a very sad, sad backward glance...
as he lifted himself by the seat of his pants.
And I'll never forget the grim look on his face
when he heisted himself and took leave of this place,
through a hole in the smog, without leaving a trace.
And all that the Lorax left here in this mess
was a small pile of rocks, with one word...
"UNLESS."
Whatever that meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
That was long, long ago.
But each day since that day
I've sat here and worried
and worried away.
Through the years, while my buildings
have fallen apart,
I've worried about it
with all of my heart.
"But now," says the Once-ler,
"Now that you're here,
the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear.
UNLESS someone like you
cares a whole awful lot,
nothing is going to get better.
It's not.
"SO...
Catch!" calls the Once-ler.
He lets something fall.
"It's a Truffula Seed.
It's the last one of all!
You're in charge of the last of the Truffula Seeds.
And Truffula Trees are what everyone needs.
Plant a new Truffula.Treat it with care.
Give it clean water. And feed it fresh air.
Grow a forest. Protect it from axes that hack.
Then the Lorax
and all of his friends
may come back."

On the 15th of May, in the Jungle of Nool, In the heat of the day, in the cool of the pool, He
was splashing… enjoying the jungle’s great joys… When Horton the elephant heard a small
noise.
So Horton stopped splashing. He looked toward the sound. “That’s funny,” thought Horton.
“There’s no one around.” Then he heard it again! Just a very faint yelp as if some tiny
person were calling for help. “I’ll help you,” said Horton. “But who are you? Where?” He
looked and he looked. He could see nothing there but a small speck of dust blowing past
through the air.
“I say!” murmured Horton. “I’ve never heard tell of a small speck of dust that is able to yell.
So you know what I think?... Why, I think that there must be someone on top of that small
speck of dust! Some sort of a creature of very small size, too small to be seen by an
elephant’s eyes…
“… some poor little person who’s shaking with fear that he’ll blow in the pool! He has no
way to steer! I’ll just have to save him. Because, after all, a person’s a person, no matter how
small.”
So, gently, and using the greatest of care, the elephant stretched his great trunk through the
air, and he lifted the dust speck and carried it over and placed it down, safe, on a very soft
clover.
“Humpf!” humpfted a voice. ‘Twas a sour kangaroo. And the you kangaroo in her pouch said
“Humpf” too. “ Why, that speck is as small as the head of a pin. A person on that?... Why,
there never has been!”
“Believe me,” said Horton. “I tell you sincerely, my ears are quite keen and I heard him quite
clearly. I know there’s a person down there. And, what’s more, quite likely there’s two.
Even three. Even four. Quite likely…
“…a family, for all that we know! A family with children just starting to grow. So, please,”
Horton said, “as a favor to me, try not to disturb them. Just please let them be.”
“I think you’re a fool!” laughed the sour kangaroo and the young kangaroo in her pouch
said, “Me, too! You’re the biggest blame fool in the Jungle of Nool!” And the kangaroos
plunged in the cool of the pool. “What terrible splashing!” the elephant frowned. “I can’t let
my very small person get drowned!” I’ve got to protect them. I’m bigger than they.” So he
plucked up the clover and hustled away.
Through the high jungle tree tops, the news quickly spread: “He talks to a dust speck! He’s
out of his head! Just look at him walk with that speck on that flower!” And Horton walked,
worrying, almost an hour. “Should I put this speck down?...” Horton thought with alarm. “If
I do, these small persons may come to great harm. I can’t put it down. And I won’t! After all
a person’s a person. No matter how small.”
Then Horton stopped walking. The speck-voice was talking! The voice was so faint he could
just barley hear it. “Speak up, please” said Horton. He put his ear near it. “My friend,” came
the voice, “you’re a very fine friend. You’ve helped all us folks on this dust speck no end.
You’ve saved all our houses, our ceilings and floors. You’ve saved all our churches and
grocery stores.”
“You mean…” Horton gasped, “you have buildings there, too?” “Oh, yes,” piped the voice.
“We most certainly do… “I know,” called the voice, “I’m too small to be seen but I’m mayor
of a town that is friendly and clean. Our buildings, to you, would seem terribly small but to
us, who aren’t big, they are wonderfully tall. My town is called Who-ville, for I am a Who
and we Whos are all thankful and grateful to you.” And Horton called back to the Mayor of
the town, “You’re safe now. Don’t worry. I won’t let you down.”
But, just as he spoke to the mayor of the speck, three big jungle monkeys climbed up
Horton’s neck! The Wickersham Brothers came shouting, “What rot! This elephant’s talking
to Whos who are not! There aren’t any Whos! And they don’t have a mayor! And we’re
going to stop all the nonsense! So there!”
They snatched Horton’s clover! They carried it off to a black-bottomed eagle named Vlad
Vlad-i-koff, a mighty strong eagle, of very swift wing, and they said, “Will you kindly get rid
of this thing?” And, before the poor elephant even could speak, that eagle flew off with the
flower in his beak.
All that latte afternoon and far into the night that black-bottomed bird flapped his wings in
fast flight, while Horton chased after, with groans, over stones that tattered his toenails and
battered his bones, and begged, “Please don’t harm all my little folks, who have as much
right to live as us bigger folks do!” But far, far beyond him, that eagle kept flapping and over
his shoulder called back, “Quit your yapping. I’ll fly the night through. I’m a bird. I don’t
mind it. And I’ll hide this, tomorrow, where you’ll never find it!”
And at 6:56 the next morning he did it. It sure was a terrible place that he hid it. He let that
small clover drop somewhere inside of a great patch of clovers a hundred miles wide! “Find
THAT!” sneered the bird. “But I think you will fail.” And he left with a flip of his blackbottomed
tail.
“I’ll find it!” cried Horton. “I’ll find it or bust! I SHALL find my friends on my small speck of
dust!” And clover, by clover, by clover with care he picked up and searched them, and
called, “Are you there?” But clover, by clover, by clover he found that the one that he sough
for was just not around. And by noon poor old Horton, more dead than alive, had picked,
searched, and piled up, nine thousand and five.
Then, on through the afternoon, hour after hour… till he found them at last! On the three
millionth flower! “My friends!” cried the elephant. “Tell me! Do tell! Are you safe? Are you
sound? Are you whole? Are you well?”
From down on the speck came the voice of the mayor: “We’ve really had trouble! Much
more that our share. When that black-bottomed birdie let go and we dropped, we landed so
hard that our clocks have all stopped. Our tea-pots are broken. Our rocking-chairs smashed.
And our bicycle tired all blew up when we crashed. So, Horton, please!” pleaded that voice
of the mayor’s, “Will you stick by us Whos while we’re making repairs?” “Of course,” Horton
answered. “Of course I will stick. I’ll stick by you small folks through thin and through
thick!”
“Humpf!” Humpfed a voice! “For almost two days you’ve run wild and insisted on chatting
with persons who’ve never existed. Such carryings-on in our peaceable jungle! We’ve had
quite enough of your bellowing bungle! And I’m here to state,” snapped the big kangaroo,
“that your silly nonsensical game is all through!” And the young kangaroo in her pouch said,
“Me, too!”
“With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham uncles and
Wickersham cousins and Wickersham in-laws, whose help I’ve engaged, you’re going to be
roped! And you’re going to be caged! And, as for our dust speck…hah! That we shall boil in
hot steaming kettle of beezle-nut oil!” “Boil it?...” gasped Horton! “Oh, that you can’t do! It’s
all full of persons! They’ll prove it to you!”
“Mr. Mayor! Mr. Mayor!” Horton called. “Mr. Mayor! You’ve got to prove now that you really
are there! So call a big meeting. Get everyone out. Make every Who holler! Make every Who
shout! Make every Who scream! If you don’t, every Who is going to end up in a beezle-nut
stew!”
And, down on the dust speck, the scared little mayor quick called a big meeting in Who-ville
Town Square. And his people cried loudly. They cried out in fear: “We are here! We are
here! We are here! We are here!”
The elephant smiled: “That was clear as a bell. You kangaroos surely heard that very well.”
“All I heard,” snapped the big kangaroo, “was the breeze, and the faint sound of wind
through the far distant trees. I heard no small voices. And you didn’t either.” And the young
kangaroo in her pouch said, “Me, neither.”
“Grab him!” they shouted. “And cage the big dope! Lasso his stomach with ten miles of rope!
Tie the knots tight so he’ll never shake loose! Then dunk that dumb speck in the beezle-nut
juice!”
Horton fought back with great vigor and vim but the Wickersham gang was too many for
him. They beat him! They mauled him! They started to haul him into his cage! But he
managed to call to the mayor: “Don’t give up! I believe in you all! A person’s a person, no
matter how small! And you very small persons will not have to die if you make yourselves
heard! So come on, now, and TRY!”
The mayor grabbed a tom-tom. He started to smack it. And, all over Who-ville, they
whooped up a racket. They rattled tin kettles! They beat on brass pans, on garbage pail tops
and old cranberry cans! They blew on bazookas and blasted great toots on clarinets, oompahs
and boom-pahs and flutes!
Great gusts of loud racket rang high through the air. They rattled and shook the whole sky!
And the mayor called up through the howling mad hullabaloo: “Hey, Horton! How’s this? Is
our sound coming through?”
And Horton called back, “I can hear you fine. But the kangaroos’ ears aren’t as strong, quite,
as mine. They don’t hear a thing! Are you sure all your boys are doing their best? Are they
ALL making noise? Are you sure every Who down in Who-ville is working? Quick! Look
through your town! Is there anyone shirking?”
Through the town rushed the mayor from the east to the west. But everyone seemed to be
doing his best. Everyone seemed to be yapping or yipping! Everyone seemed to be beeping
or bipping! But it wasn’t enough, all this ruckus and roar! He HAD to find someone to help
him make more. He raced through each building! He searched floor-to-floor!
And, just as he felt he as getting nowhere, and almost about to give up in despair, He
suddenly burst through a door and that mayor discovered on shirker! Quite hidden away in
the Fairfax Apartments (Apartment 12-J) a very small, very small shirker named Jo-Jo was
standing, and bouncing a Yo-Yo! Not making a sound! Not a yipp! Not a chirp! And the
mayor rushed inside and he greabbed the young twerp!
And he climbed with the lad up the Eiffelberg Tower. “This,” cried the mayor, “is your
town’s darkest hour! The time for all Whos who have blood that is red to come to the aid of
their country!” he said. “We’ve GOT to make noises in greater amounts! So, open your
mouth, lad! For every voice counts!” Thus he spoke as he climbed. When they got to the top,
the lad cleared his throat and he shouted out, “Yopp!”
And that Yopp… That one small extra Yopp put it over! Finally, at last! From that speck on
that clover their voices were heard! They rang out clear and clean. And the elephant smiled.
“Do you see what I mean?... They’ve proved they ARE persons, not matter how small. And
their whole world was saved by the Smallest of ALL!” “How true! Yes, how true,” said the
big kangaroo. “And, from now on, you know what I’m planning to do?... From now on, I’m
going to protect them with you!” And the young kangaroo in her pouch said,…
“…ME, TOO! From sun in the summer. From rain when it’s fall-ish, I’m going to protect
them. No matter how small-ish!

