1) Pilot (15 June 2012)

A friendly desert community where the sun is hot, the moon is beautiful, and mysterious lights pass overhead while we all pretend to sleep. Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello listeners. To start things off I've been asked to read this brief notice: the city council announces the opening of a new dog park at the corner of Earl and Summerset near the Ralph's. They would like to remind everyone that dogs are not allowed in the dog park. People are not allowed in the dog park. It is possible you will see hooded figures in the dog park. Do not approach them. Do not approach the dog park. The fence is electrified and highly dangerous. Try not to look at the dog park, and especially do not look for any period of time at the hooded figures. The dog park will not harm you.

And now the news.

Old Woman Josie out near the car lot says the angels revealed themselves to her; said they were ten feet tall, radiant, and one of them was black; said they helped her with various household chores. One of them changed a light bulb for her, the porch light. She's offering to sell the old lightbulb, which has been touched by an angel. It was the black angel, if that sweetens the pot for anyone. If you're interested, contact Old Woman Josie. She's out near the car lot.

A new man came into town today. Who is he? What does he want from us? Why his perfect and beautiful haircut? Why his perfect and beautiful coat? He says he is a scientist. Well, we have all been scientists and one point or another in our lives. But why now? Why here? And just what does he plan to do with all those breakers and humming electrical instruments in that lab he is renting—the one next to Big Rico's Pizza? No one does a slice like Big Rico. No one.

Just a reminder to all the parents out there. Let's talk about safety when taking your children out to play in the Scrub Lands and the Sand Wastes. You need to give them plenty of water, make sure there's a shade tree in the area, and keep an eye on the helicopter colors. Are the unmarked helicopters circling the area black? Probably World Government. Not a good area for play that day. Are they blue? That's the Sheriff's Secret Police. They'll keep a good eye on your kids, and hardly ever take one. Are they painted with complex murals depicting birds of prey diving? No one knows what those helicopters are, or what they want. Do not play in the area. Return to your home, and lock the doors until a Sheriff's Secret Policeman leaves a carnation on your porch to indicate that the danger has passed. Cover your ears to blot out the screams. Also, remember: Gatorade is basically soda, so give your kids plain old water, and maybe some orange slices when they play.

A commercial airliner flying through local airspace disappeared today, only to reappear in the Night Vale Elementary gymnasium during basketball practice, disrupting practice quite badly. The jet roared through the small gym for only a fraction of a second, and before it could strike any players or structure, it vanished again, this time apparently for good. There is no word yet on if or how this will affect Night Vale Mountain Lion's game schedule, and also, if this could perhaps be the work of their bitter rivals the Desert Bluffs Cacti. Desert Bluffs is always trying to show us up through fancier uniforms, better pregame snacks, and possibly, by transporting a commercial jet into our gymnasium, delaying practice for several minutes at least. For shame, Desert Bluffs. For shame.

That new scientist we now know is named Carlos called a town meeting. He has a square jaw and teeth like a military cemetery. His hair is perfect, and we all hate and despair and love that perfect hair in equal measure. Old Woman Josie brought corn muffins, which were decent, but lacked salt. She said the angels had taken her salt for a godly mission, and she hadn't yet gotten around to buying more. Carlos told us that we are, by far, the most scientifically interesting community in the US, and he had come to study just what is going around here. He grinned, and everything about him was perfect, and I fell in love instantly. Government agents from a vague, yet menacing, agency were in the back watching. I fear for Carlos. I fear for Night Vale. I fear for anyone caught between what they know and what they don't yet know that they don't know.

We received a press release this morning. The Night Vale Business Association is proud to announce the opening of the brand new Night Vale Harbor and Waterfront Recreation Area. I have been to these facilities myself recently on their invitation, and I can tell you that it is absolutely top of the line and beautiful. Sturdy docking areas made from eco-friendly post-consumer material, a boardwalk for pedestrians, and plenty of stands ready for local food vendors and merchants to turn into a bustling public marketplace. Now, there is some concern about the fact that, given we are in the middle of a desert, there is no actual water at the waterfront—and that is a definite drawback, I agree. For instance, the boardwalk is currently overlooking sagebrush and rocks. The Business Association did not provide an specific remedies for this problem, but they assured me that the new harbor would be a big boost to Night Vale nonetheless. Maybe wait until a flash flood and head down there for the full waterfront experience.

The local chapter of the NRA is selling bumper stickers as part of their fundraising week. They sent the station one to get some publicity, and we're here to serve the community so I'm happy to let you all know about it. The stickers are made from good, sturdy vinyl, and they read, 'Guns Don't Kill People; It's Impossible To Be Killed By A Gun; We Are All Invincible To Bullets And It's A Miracle.' Stand outside of your front door and shout, "NRA," to order one.

Carlos and his team of scientists warn that one of the houses in the new development of Desert Creek, out back of the old elementary school, doesn't actually exist. It seems like it exists, explained Carlos and his perfect hair, like it's just right there when you look at it. And it's between two identical houses, so it would make more sense for it to be there then not. But, he says, they have done experiments, and the house is definitely not there. At news time, the scientists are standing in a group in front of the nonexistent house, daring each other to go knock on the door.

A great howling was heard from the Night Vale Post Office yesterday. Postal workers claim no knowledge, although passersby described the sound as being a little like a human soul being destroyed through black magic. The Indian Tracker—now, I don't know if you've seen this guy around; he's the one who appears to be of maybe Slavic origin, yet wears an Indian headdress out of some racist cartoon and claims to be able to be able to read tracks on asphalt—he appeared on the scene, and swore that he would discover the truth. No one responded because it's really hard to take him seriously in that headdress of his.

Lights, seen in the sky above the Arby's. Not the glowing sign of Arby's; something higher and beyond that. We know the difference. We've caught onto their game. We understand the lights-above-Arby's game. Invaders from another world. Ladies and gentlemen, the future is here, and it's about a hundred feet above the Arby's.

Carlos and his scientists at the monitoring station near Route 800 say their seismic monitors have been indicating wild seismic shifts, meaning to say that the ground should be going up all over the place. I don't know about you folks, but the ground has been as still as the crust of a tiny globe rocketing through an endless void could be. Carlos says that they've double-checked the monitors and they are in perfect working order. To put it plainly, there appears to be catastrophic earthquakes happening right here in Night Vale that absolutely no one can feel. Well, submit an insurance claim anyway, see what you can get, right?

Traffic time, listeners. Now, police are issuing warnings about ghost cars out on the highways, those cars only visible in the distance, reaching unimaginable speeds, leaving destinations unknown for destinations more unknown. They would like to remind you that you should not set your speed by these aberrations, and doing so will not be considered following the flow of traffic. However, they do say that it's probably safe to match speed with the mysterious lights in the sky, as whatever entities or organization is responsible appear to be cautious and reasonable drivers.

And now, the weather.

(These and More Than These, Joseph Fink)

Welcome back, listeners.

The sun didn't set at the correct time today, Carlos and his team of scientists report. They are quite certain about it. They checked multiple clocks, and the sun definitely set ten minutes later than it was supposed to. I asked them if they had any explanations, but they did not offer anything concrete. Mostly they sat in a circle around a desk clock, staring at it, murmuring and cooing. Still, we must be grateful to have the sun at all. It's easy to forget in this hot, hot, hot desert climate, but things would actually be slightly harder for us without the sun. The next time the sun rises, whatever time that turns out to be, take a moment to feel grateful for all the warmth, and light, and even, yes, extreme heat that our desert community is gifted with.

The city council would like to remind you about the Tiered Heavens, and the Hierarchy of Angels. The reminder is that you should not know anything about this. The structure of heaven and the angelic organizational chart are privileged information known only to the city council members on a need-to-know basis. Please, do not speak to or acknowledge any angels that you might come across while shopping at the Ralph's or at the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex. They only tell lies, and do not exist. Report all angel sightings to the city council for treatment.

And now for a brief public service announcement. Alligators. Can they kill your children? Yes.

Along those lines, to get personal for a moment, I think the best way to die would be swallowed by a giant snake. Going feet first and whole into a slimy maw would give your life perfect symmetry.

Speaking of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, its owner, Teddy Williams, reports that he has found the entrance to a vast underground city in the pin retrieval area of lane five. He said he has not yet ventured into it, merely peered down at its strange spires and broad avenues. He also reports voices of a distant crowd in the depths of that subterranean metropolis. Apparently, the entrance was discovered when a bowling ball accidentally rolled into it, clattering down to the city below with sounds that echoed for miles across the impossibly huge cavern—so, you know, whatever population that city has, they know about us now, and we might be hearing from them very soon.

Carlos, perfect and beautiful, came into our studios during the break earlier, but declined to stay for an interview. He had some sort of blinking box in his hand covered with wires and tubes. Said he was testing the place for materials. I don't know what materials he meant, but that box sure whistled and beeped a lot. When he put it close to the microphone it sounded like, well, like a bunch of baby birds had just woken up, really went crazy. Carlos looked nervous. I've never seen that kind of look on someone with that strong of a jaw. He left in a hurry. Told us to evacuate the building. But then, who would be hear to talk sweetly to all of you out there? Settling in to be another clear night and pretty evening here in Night Vale. I hope all of you out there have someone to sleep through it with, or, at least, good memories of when you did.

Good night, listeners. Good night.

2) Glow Cloud (1 July 2012)



The desert seems vast, even endless, and yet scientists tell us that somewhere, even now, there is snow. Welcome to Night Vale.

The Night Vale Tourism Board's Visitable Night Vale campaign has kicked off with posters encouraging folks to take their family on a scenery-filled jaunt through the trails of Radon Canyon. Their slogan? ‘The view is literally breathtaking." Posters will be placed at police stations and frozen yogurt shops in nearby towns, along with promotional giveaways of plastic sheeting and re-breathers.

And now, the news.

Have any of our listeners seen the glowing cloud that has been moving in from the west? Well, John Peters—you know, the farmer?—he saw it over the western ridge this morning, said he would have thought it was the setting sun if it wasn't for the time of day. Apparently the cloud glows in a variety of colors, perhaps changing from observer to observer, although all report a low whistling when it draws near. One death has already been attributed to the glow cloud. But listen, it's probably nothing. If we had to shut down the town for every mysterious event that at least one death could be attributed to, we'd never have time to do anything, right? That's what the Sheriff's Secret Police are saying, and I agree. Although, I would not go so far as to endorse their suggestion to run directly at the cloud, shrieking and waving your arms, just to see what it does.

The Apache Tracker—and I remind you that this is that white guy who wears the huge and cartoonishly inaccurate Indian headdress—has announced that he has found some disturbing evidence concerning the recent incident at the Night Vale Post Office, which has been sealed by the city council since the great screaming that was heard from it a few weeks ago. He said that using ancient Indian magics he slipped through council security into the post office, and observed that all the letters and packages had been thrown about as in a whirlwind, that there was the heavy stench of scorched flesh, that the words written in blood on the wall said, "More to come, and soon." Can you believe this guy said he used Indian magics? What an asshole.

Here's something odd. There is a cat hovering in the men's bathroom at the radio station here. He seems perfectly happy and healthy, but it's floating about four feet off the ground next to the sink. Doesn't seem to be able to move from its current hover spot. If you pet him, he purrs, and he'll rub on your body like a normal cat if you get close enough. Fortunately, because he's right by the sink, it was pretty easy to leave some water and food where he could get it, and it's nice to have a station pet. Wish it wasn't trapped in a hovering prison in the men's bathroom, but listen: no pet is perfect. It becomes perfect when you learn to accept it for what it is.

And now, a message from our sponsors.

I took a walk on the cool sand dunes, brittle grass overgrown, and above me the night sky, above me I saw. Bitter taste of unripe peaches and a smell I could not place nor could I escape. I remembered other times that I could not escape. I remembered other smells. The moon slunk like a wounded animal. The world spun like it had lost control. Concentrate only on breathing, and let go of ideas you had about nutrition and alarm clocks. I took a walk on the cool sand dunes, brittle grass overgrown, and above me the night sky, above me I saw.

This message was brought to you by Coca Cola.

The city council, in cooperation with government agents from a vague, yet menacing, agency, is asking all citizens to stop by the Night Vale Elementary School gymnasium tonight at seven for a brief questionnaire about mysterious sights that definitely no one saw, and strange thoughts that in no way occurred to anyone, because all of are normal, and to be otherwise would make us outcasts from our own community. Remember: if you see something, say nothing, and drink to forget.

The Boy Scouts of Night Vale have announced some slight changes to their hierarchy, which will now be the following: Cub Scout, Boy Scout, Eagle Scout, Blood Pact Scout, Weird Scout, Dreadnought Scout, Dark Scout, Fear Scout, and finally, Eternal Scout. As always, signup is automatic and random, so please keep an eye out for the scarlet envelope that will let you know your son has been chose for the process.

This is probably nothing listeners, but John Peters—you know, the farmer—he reports that the Glow Cloud is directly over Old Town Night Vale, and appears to be raining small creatures upon the earth. Armadillos, lizards, a few crows—that kind of thing. Fortunately, the animals appear to be dead already, so the Night Vale Animal Control Department has said that it should be a snap to clean those up. They just have to be tossed on the Eternal Animal Pyre in Mission Grove Park, so, if that's the worst the Glow Cloud has for us, I say go ahead and do your daily errands. Just bring along a good strong umbrella capable of handling falling animals up to, say, ten pounds. More on the Glow Cloud as it continues to crawl across our sky. And hey, here's a tip: take your kids out, and use the Cloud's constantly mutating hue to teach him or her the names of colors. It's fun, and it shows them the real-life applications of learning.

Alert: the Sheriff's Secret Police are searching for a fugitive named Hiram McDaniels, who escaped custody last night following a 9pm arrest. McDaniels is described as a five-headed dragon, approximately 18 feet tall, with mostly green eyes and weighing about 3600 pounds. He is suspected of insurance fraud. McDaniels was pulled over for speeding last night, and the Secret Police became suspicious when he allegedly gave the officers a fake driver's license for a five foot eight man named Frank Chen. After discerning that Frank Chen was actually a five-headed dragon from somewhere other than our little world, the Secret Police searched McDaniels' vehicle. Representatives from local civil rights organizations have protested that officers had no legal grounds to search the vehicle, but they ceded the point when reminded by Secret Police officials that our backwards court system will uphold any old authoritarian rule made up on the fly by unsupervised gun-carrying thugs of a shadow government. The Secret Police say McDaniels escaped police custody by breathing fire from his purple head, and he was last seen flying and shrieking over Red Mesa. Secret Police are asking for tips leading to the arrest of Hiram McDaniels. They remind you that, if seen, he should not be approached, as he is literally a five headed dragon. Contact the Sheriff's Secret Police if you have any information. Ask for Officer Ben. Helpful tipsters will earn one stamp on their Alert Citizen card. Collect five stamps, and you get stop sign immunity for one year.

And now, a look at the community calendar.

Saturday, the public library will be unknowable. Citizens will forget the existence of the library from 6am Saturday morning until 11pm that night. The library will be under a sort of renovation. It is not important what kind of renovation.

Sunday is Dot Day! Remember, red dots on what you love, blue dots on what you don't. Mixing those up can cause permanent consequences.

Monday, Louie Blascoe is offering bluegrass lessons in the back of Louie's Music Shop. Of course, the shop burned down years ago, and Louie skipped town immediately after with his insurance money, but he's sent word that you should bring your instrument to the crumbled ashy shell of where his shop once was, and pretend that he is there in the darkness teaching you. The price is $50 per lesson, payable in advance.

Tuesday afternoon, join the Night Vale PTA for a bake sale to support Citizens for a Blood Space War. Proceeds will go to support neutron bomb development and deployment to our outer solar system allies.

Wednesday has been cancelled due to a scheduling error.

And on Thursday is a free concert. And...that's all it says here.

New call in from John Peters—you know, the farmer? Seems the Glow Cloud has doubled in size, enveloping all of Night Vale in its weird light and humming song. Little League administration has announced that they will be going ahead with the game, although there will be an awning built over the field die to the increasing size of the animal corpses being dropped. I've had multiple reports that a lion, like the kind you would see on the sunbaked plains of Africa, or a pee-stained enclosure at a local zoo, fell on top of the White Sand Ice Cream Shop. The Shop is offering a free dipped cone to anyone who can figure out how to get the thing off.

The Sheriff's Secret Police have apparently taken to shouting questions at the Glow Cloud, trying to ascertain what exactly it wants. So far, the Glow Cloud has not answered. The Glow Cloud does not need to converse with us. It does not feel as we tiny humans feel. It has no need for thoughts or feelings of love. The Glow Cloud simply is. All hail the mighty Glow Cloud. All hail.

And now, slaves of the Cloud, the weather.

(The Bus is Late, Satellite High)

Sorry, listeners. Not sure what happened in that earlier section of the broadcast. As in, I actually don't remember what happened. Tried to play back the tapes, but they're all blank, and smell faintly of vanilla.

The Glow Cloud, meanwhile, has moved on. It is now just a glowing spot in the distance, humming east to destinations unknown. We may never fully understand, or, understand at all what it was and why it dumped a lot of dead animals on our community. But, and I'm going to get a little personal here, that's the essence of life, isn't it? Sometimes you go through things that seem huge at the time, like a mysterious glowing cloud devouring your entire community. While they're happening they feel like the only thing that matters, and you can hardly imagine that there's a world out there that might have anything else going on. And then the Glow Cloud moves on. And you move on. And the event is behind you. And you may find that, as time passes, you remember it less and less—or not at all, in my case. And you are left with nothing but a powerful wonder at the fleeting nature of even the most important things in life, and the faint, but pretty, smell of vanilla.

Dear listeners, here is a list of things. Emotions you don't understand upon viewing a sunset. Lost pets, found. Lost pets, unfound. A secret lost pet city on the moon. Trees that see. Restaurants that hear. A void that thinks. A face half seen just before falling asleep. Trembling hands reaching for desperately needed items. Sandwiches. Silence when there should be noise. Noise when there should be silence. Nothing when you want something. Something when you thought there was nothing. Clear plastic binder sheets. Scented dryer sheets. Rain coming down in sheets. Night. Rest. Sleep. End.

Goodnight, listeners. Goodnight.

3) Station Management (15 July 2012)

The Arctic is lit by the midnight sun. The surface of the moon is lit by the face of the Earth. Our little town is lit too, by lights just above that we cannot explain. Welcome to Night Vale.

The Night Vale Daily Journal has announced that they will be cutting back their publication schedule to Monday through Thursday only, due to the economic downturn and a massive decline in the literate population. The Thursday Daily Journal will now be called the Weekend Edition, and on Sundays, newspaper kiosks usually filled with important newsprint will be filled with 2% milk. When asked why milk, the Journal's publishing editor Leann Hart said, "It is important that we maintain an unbiased approach to news reporting."

The Night Vale Business Association is proud to announce the new Night Vale Stadium, next to The Night Vale Harbor and Waterfront Recreation Area. The stadium will be able to seat 50,000, but will be closed all nights of the year except for November 10th, for the annual parade of the mysterious hooded figures, in which all of our favorite ominous hooded figures—the one that lurks under the slide in the Night Vale Elementary playground, the ones that meet regularly in the dog park, and the one that will occasionally steal babies, and for reasons no one can understand, we all stand by and let him do it—all of them will be parading proudly through Night Vale Stadium. I tell you, with these new facilities, it promises to be quite a spectacle. And then, it promises to be a vast, dark, and echo-y space for the other meaningless 364 days of the year.

Here at the radio station it's contract negotiation season with the station management again! That's always an interesting time. Now, obviously, I'm not allowed to go into details, but negotiation is tricky when you're never allowed to glimpse what you're negotiating with. Station management stays inside their office at all times, only communicating with us through sealed envelopes that are spat out from under the door like a sunflower shell through teeth. Then, in order to respond, you just kind of shout at the closed door and hope that management hears. Sometimes you can see movements through the frosted glass, large shaped shifting around, strange tendrils whipping through the air. Architecturally speaking, the apparent size of management's office does not physically make sense given the size of the building, but it's hard to say really, as no one has ever seen the actual office. Only its translucence.

Look, I've probably said too much. I can see down the hall that an envelope just came flying out. I pray it's not another HR retraining session in the Dark Box. Uhhhhhg. But what can I say. I'm a reporter at heart! I can't not report.

-papers shuffling-

Oh! My. Let's go to the seven-day outlook. Your daily shades of the sky forecast. Monday: turquoise. Tuesday: taupe. Wednesday: robin's egg. Thursday: turquoise-taupe. Friday: coal dust. Saturday: coal dust with chances of indigo in the late afternoon. Sunday: void.

The city council has asked me to remind everyone about the new drive to clean up litter. Night Vale is our home. And who wants to leave trash all over their home? Put it in the garbage can, listeners. And if you see any trash around, pick it up, and throw it away! Do your part. Unless the trash is marked with a small red flag. The council has asked me to remind you that any litter marked with a red flag is not to be picked up or approached. Remember the slogan: No flag? Goes in the bag. Red flag? Run.

Listeners, we are currently fielding numerous reports that books have stopped working. It seems that all over Night Vale, books have simply ceased functioning. The scientists are studying one of the broken books to see if they can understand just what is going on here. The exact problem is currently unclear, but some of the words being used include ‘sparks,' ‘meat smell,' ‘biting,' and ‘lethal gas.' For your own safety, please do not attempt to open a book until we have more information on the nature and cause of these problems. The city council has released only a brief statement, indicating that their stance on books has not changed, and that, as always, they believe that books are dangerous and inadvisable, and should not be kept in private homes.

Another warning for Night Vale residents. Sources say that the Used and Discount Sporting Goods Store on Flint Dr. is a front for the World Government. This is based on extensive study of the location, and also because it has a black helicopter pad on which black helicopters regularly depart and land; fairly unusual for a used and discount sporting goods store. We sent our intern, Chad, to try buying a tennis racket, and have not heard back from him for several weeks. This brings me to a related point. To the parents of Chad the intern: we regret to inform you that your son was lost in the line of community radio duty, and that he will be missed, and never forgotten. May you all feel blessed to have the family that you have, and if you're looking for sporting goods, check out Play Ball right over by our own community radio station! Play Ball is only a front for the Sheriff's Secret Police, and so can be completely trusted.

Larry Leroy out on the edge of town reported that a creeping fear came into Night Vale today. He felt it first as a mild apprehension, then, a growing worry, and finally, a mortal panic. It passed from him to the employees at the car lot, who crouched behind their cars and cast fearful eyes at the empty sky. It did not affect Old Woman Josie, presumably because of her angelic protection, but it went from there to the rest of the town until we all were shivering in anticipation for a terrible thing we could not yet see. I myself was frozen, sure that any movement would lead to death, that any word would be my last. Of course, that also could have been the contracts negotiations with station management, and the hideous envelope I just received. Also, I'm battling Lyme disease.

Meanwhile, the creeping fear passed, first leaving Larry Leroy out on the edge of town, and then the car lot, where they went back to offering gently used cars at affordable prices, and finally, the rest of us, who could go back to living with the knowledge that at any given moment we will either live or die, and it's no use guessing which. It is not currently known where the creeping fear will go next—hopefully, to Desert Bluffs. It would serve them right.

Two hawkeyed listeners sent in reports that Carlos, our curious scientific visitor, was seen getting his beautiful, beautiful hair cut. He was having his gorgeous hair shorn! Cut! Cut short! So very short from his perfectly shaped brilliant head. Listeners, I am not one to gossip even if it is a local celebrity, but please explain to me why Carlos would strip away, decimate, any part of his thick black hair—not to ignore the dignified, if premature, touch of grey in the temples. What treacherous barber should agree to such depravity? Who takes mere money, or even soulless joy, in depriving our small community of such a simple, but important, act as luridly admiring Carlos's stunning coif? Reports from two intrepid sources are that it was Telly the Barber. Telly, who likes sports, and has posters of combs. Telly the Barber seems to be the one who betrayed our community. Telly the Barber. It is Telly the Barber at the corner of southwest 5th Street and Old Musk Road with the red and white spinning pole and the sign that says, ‘Telly's.' Telly is about five foot nine with a small mustache and a thick potbelly. He talks with an accent, and sneers. Telly the Barber cut Carlos's beautiful hair. According to reports. Telly.

Now, while I gather myself, let's have a look at traffic.

Oh. Wow! ...Well, that looks pretty good. Yup. Yeeeess. Okay, not too bad there either I see. Oh! That gentleman needs to slow it down! It is not a race my friend! Not a literal one, anyway.

That has been traffic.

And now for an editorial.

I don't ask favors much, dear listeners, that you know, but I'm asking all of you right now to conduct a letter writing campaign to station management, which was not pleased with my discussion of their physical attributes and behavior, and is now threatening to shut down my show—or possibly, my life. For good. There wording was...kind of ambiguous. Obviously we will not be able to deliver the letters directly to the management per se, as no one has ever opened their door, but we can shout the content of the letters outside their office and, we presume, given an anatomy that includes ears, they will be able to hear what you have to say. So if you like this show, and you want to hear more of it, then we need to hear from you. Make your voice heard to whatever it is that lies in wait behind that darkened office door.

-dramatic crashing-

Oh! Um, I'm sorry dear listeners—we'll be back after this word from our sponsors.

This segment has been brought to us by Big Rico's Pizza. Listeners, we are proud to have Big Rico's as a sponsor of our show. You will not find a better pizza joint in all of Night Vale then Big Rico's. Just the other night, I stopped by Big Rico's. I was in the mood for a delicious pizza slice, and since Big Rico's is the only pizza place in Night Vale that has not burned to the ground in an unsolved arson case, and did I mention, is also the best pizza in town, I ordered a single Ricco's slice with two authentic toppings. And boy, was I satisfied. The flavor was scrumptious. The taste was also scrumptious. And it was warm, the pizza slice! I have been told that even the hooded figures eat there; the wait staff look like they avert their hollow gazes quite a bit. Even the city council offers its ringing endorsement of Big Rico's. All Night Vale citizens are mandated to eat at Big Rico's once a week. It is a misdemeanor not to. Big Rico's Pizza. No one does a slice like Big Rico, folks! No one.

And now, sweet, sweet listeners...the weather.

(Bill and Annie, Chuck Brodsky)

-muffled crashing and roaring-

Hello, radio audience. I come to you live from under my desk, where I have dragged my microphone, and am currently hiding in the fetal position. Did you write letters? Then you should not do this anymore. Station management has opened its door for the first time in my memory, and is now roaming the building. I don't know exactly what management looks like, as that is when I took cover under my desk, and I can only hope that they are not listening to what's going out right now or else I may have sealed my fate. I can hear only a kind of clicking footstep, and a faint hissing sound like releasing steam. An intern went to what management wanted and has not returned. If you are related to Jerry Hartman, afternoon board operator at Night Vale Community Radio, I am sorry to inform you that he is probably dead or at least corporally absorbed into management permanently. Jerry and Chad the interns will both be missed, but we will surely see them in the Thanksgiving Day Dead Citizens Impersonation Contest, which this year will be in the employee lounge under the Night Vale Mall from 11am to 9:45pm. –light sob- There will be a cash bar and two twister boards. –sharp inhale- I am going to see if I can make a break for the door. If you don't hear from me again, it has truly been a pleasure. Good night, Night Vale. And goodbye!

4) PTA Meeting (1 August 2012)

The sun has grown so very, very old. How long cold, fading death? How long? Welcome to Night Vale.

Our top story: last night's Night Vale PTA meeting ended in bloodshed, as a rift in space-time split open in the Main Street Recreation Center Auditorium, setting loose several confused and physically aggressive pteranodons. The glowing portal remained open and shrieked incessantly, an unholy sound that witnesses say resembled noisy urchin children caught in a combine harvester, and then slowed down and amped up through some kind of open source, easy-to-use audio editing software. The pteranodons mostly attacked women with glasses. Authorities are still unsure why, as Night Vale's only flying dinosaur expert, Joel Isenberg, still has not recovered from last year's bout with throat spiders. It took most of an hour to corral the panicked beasts back into the vortex and resume the meeting, which had mostly been upon recent lunchroom price hikes, and had devolved into name calling because Susan Wilman called Diane Craton's son Josh 'a bit tubby,' and that 'maybe he needs a financial incentive to eat less.' In this reporter's opinion, Susan Wilman is dangerously obsessed with the New York Times bestselling Freakonomics books. Dangerously so. Fortunately, no one was injured or killed in the incident, although experts from Timothy's Auditorium Repair Contractors Inc. estimate close to $50,000 in damage has been done to the Rec Center Auditorium—and that cost includes free storm windows and a complementary seasonal installation consultation.

It's election season again, and you know what that means! Sheriff's Secret Police will be coming by to collect certain family members so that everyone votes for the correct council seats and there's no confusion. These family members will be held in a secure and undisclosed location, which everyone knows is the abandoned mine shaft outside of town. But, don't let the name fool you, listeners: it's been used for years for so many kidnappings and illegal detentions that the abandoned mine shaft outside of town is actually a pretty nice location these days, featuring king-sized beds, free Wi-Fi, and HBO. Also torture cubicles, but I don't think anyone's going to make the council use those. Remember, this is America. Vote correctly, or never see your loved ones again. This message brought to you by the city council.

The Night Vale Daily Journal today announced that, due to the recent economic downturn, they will start running ads on the front page. Any business interested in running on of these Platinum Premium Ads should contact editor Leann Hart. Hart mentioned that they have also created a write-your-own-news-story program for interested citizens. Because every writer has been laid off, the Daily Journal now needs these community contributions to supply Night Vale with important news and features. The first Platinum Premium Ad runs next Monday, and features the terrified face of an infant primate with a superimposed spoon that has been stone-sharpened to a rough point, and the tagline 'Better Use Tide.' Hart also said that last year's explosion that decimated the Daily Journal's distribution plant is still totally an accident, and would like her insurance rep to call her back. Please. Call her back.

This just came across the wire: the Secret Police have issued a new statement shedding more light onto last night's PTA meeting incident. The noisy portal and subsequent dinosaur attack, that brutally interrupted discussion of swing set repairs on the elementary school playground, stayed open long after Recreation Center employees thought they had rounded up all of the ancestral avian beasts, and authorities warn that there is still at least one more pteranodon on the loose. Citizens should cover themselves with a low-SPF sunscreen and hide in a tiled bathroom.

Several curious handball players in the court next to the auditorium actually popped their heads into the portal just to see what was on the other side of the vortex, and came back dramatically changed. The players aged several thousand years in what bystanders experienced as only a few seconds. Those handball players now straddle the unenviable border of millennially wizened and cripplingly insane. Since psychologically and emotional damages are no longer considered valid claims by the greater medical insurance community, we are still reporting zero injuries. We'll update you as further details surface in our special ongoing and very special coverage of Pteranodon Attack Gate. Are we safe from dinosaurs? No way.

City council has asked me to read the following message. If you notice strange auras around any of the following objects in your house: blender, showerhead, dog, husband, wife, table, chair, doorknob, baseboard, vacation souvenirs or photos, collectibles of any kind, especially those depicting or involving horses, DVDs, especially Cliffhanger, There's Something About Mary, and The Wire 4thseason, and any bagged lettuce from California or Mexico, please, report to the council for indefinite detention.

Speaking of the city council, it voted this week to remove the large, lead-plated door from the northeastern-most crook of Radon Canyon. You know, the area pulsing with green light and soto voce basso humming. Proponents of the measure said the large yellow emblem and red lettering that spelled out 'DANGER. PLUTONIUM. DO NOT OPEN DOOR. RISK OF DEATH,' were at worst an offensive eyesore and, at best, a hacky sci-fi cliché. Many Night Vale citizen attended the meeting, including, it was said, several angels—although no angel is admitted to have been present for the city council meeting or any other event ever, for that matter. Old Woman Josie agreed with the measure, adding that lead is a health hazard, and that the old door was nothing but a ticking time bomb. According to the meeting minutes, Josie said, "That old door. Oooooohhhhh, that door. Someone's gonna get some kind of lead poisoning."

Carlos, beautiful Carlos, tragically shorn of his locks, reportedly was the only dissenting voice—but it is not clear he actually opposed the measure, as the minutes only report him stating, "There is no time. No more time," into a black rectangle in his hand, and then running, winded, from the community hall. According to Old Woman Josie, he was still absolutely perfect, and smelled of lavender chewing gum.

More breaking news on the pteranodons. We humbly offer the following retractions from our previous reports: Secret Police are now reporting that the offending beasts were not pteranodons after all, but pterodactyls. Also, pteranodons aren't even dinosaurs as this station previously stated, just winged reptiles that lived about seventy million years after pterodactyls. Finally, earlier we reported a death toll of zero, when in fact the number is closer to 38. We regret these errors.

It's almost football season, and the Night Vale Scorpions are gearing up for a defense of the high school division title. But really, as long as we beat Desert Bluffs, fans and hooded figures alike will feel just fine. Coach Nazr al-Mujaheed told reporters he's particularly excited for the progress junior quarterback Michael Sandero made during the off-season, after that sentient lightning bolt struck him and give him the strength of two jeeps and the intelligence of a heavily concussed Rene Descartes. But, if Night Vale is going to beat their bitter rivals this year, and stave off the government-administered pestilence the follows a losing season record, Sandero will have to improve his accuracy. Last year, Sandero only completed two out of 130 pass attempt—most notably, because he was in advanced staged of cerebral palsy, and because his throwing hand had been removed due to several overdue library books. Apparently, the off-season lightning strike had healed Sandero of his terminal ailments and court-ordered amputations, and he's ready to take on Desert Bluffs, which is probably the worst team ever. God. They're dreadful.

And now, an editorial.

Let's talk for a moment about apartment building etiquette. Now, I myself live in an apartment building, and there is a compassion and acceptance you have to have for a certain level of annoyance. It's people in close proximity to each other, and so there will be some things that you don't like, and still have to let go. But, other things are absolutely unacceptable! For instance, a certain level of strange radiating light or heat on shared walls is expected, but any oozings or visible membranes are rude and thoughtless to all of your neighbors. Gibbering, howling, and chants in long-dead languages are the kind of thing that is fine at 1pm, but absolutely not fine at 1am. We are all in this together. Put your trash in the cans! Not in the hallway leading to the cans. Put on some clothes when standing in front of your windows, and keep any rituals or crazed experiments to hours in which no one is trying to sleep. It doesn't have to be hard.

We have a very unexpected treat today, dear listeners. Live in the studio we have one of the mysterious hooded figures often seen around town. We did not actually invite him here; he just was waiting for us when we unlocked the studio this morning. He has not moved, nor spoken since then, and I'll be honest: I am only guessing that he is a he, because physical attributes are hard to determine under these robes, and the face is entirely hidden in shadow as empty and as black as the void of space. But hey, we're doing radio! He's in a radio station. Let's see if we can get an interview.

Mr. Hooded Figure, how are you doing today?

-static-

Huh! Okay. Care to comment on the recent expansion of the forbidden dog park?

-more static-

Any comments at all? Anything you'd like to tell the ordinary folk of Night Vale about your organization?

-static getting louder-

Listeners, I'm sure you can here this. It's not a problem with your radio or our transmitters. The hooded figure is making those noises in our studio. It's pretty deafening, actually. Alright! I don't think he's going to stop, and he's started to levitate, so, let's go to the weather.

(Closer, The Tiny)

Ladies and Gentlemen, we have just received word from Secret Police that the rip in space-time that opened at last night's PTA meeting has been sealed at last. The final missing pterodactyl has been returned to its own timeline in either prehistoric or alternate universe Night Vale. The creature's lifeless body was found a dozen yards outside of the dog park entrance, stripped of all flesh, and with most of the organs inverted and strung around its exposed skull, like an old fashioned soft meats crown, as worn by the 18th century religious leaders who settled our fair burgh. The dinosaur's body was returned to the vortex, the gateway closed, and the PTA meeting rescheduled for next Tuesday at 6pm. That meeting will continue to address the important issue of backpacks, and whether or not they are causing autism. There will also be a memorial service for the 38 parents and teachers who lost their lives in the attack, followed by a raffle. Remember, winners must be present at the time of the drawing to claim their prizes.

City council and Secret Police have issued a reminder that Night Vale citizens of all species and all geologic eras are not to enter, look at, or think too long about the dog park. This reminder, they say, is completely unrelated to anything that may or may not have happened today.

Coming up next, stay tuned for our one-hour special, "Morse Code for Trumpet Quintets." And listeners, Night Vale is an ancient place, full of history and secrets...as we were reminded today. But it is also a place of the present moment, full of life, and of us. If you can hear my voice speaking live, then you know: we are not history yet. We are happening now. How miraculous is that. Goodnight, listeners. Goodnight.

5) The Shape in Grove Park (15 August 2012)

Close your eyes. Let my words wash over you. You are safe now.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Local historians are protesting the removal of the Shape in Grove Park that No One Acknowledges or Speaks About. While their protest has been hampered by the fact that none of them will acknowledge or speak about it, they did — through a system of gestures and grimaces — convey the message that, whatever the Shape is, and whatever its effects on nearby neighborhoods, it is a Night Vale landmark and should be protected.

The Shape itself offered no comment — only a low moaning and gelatinous quiver. The City Council would not provide any reason for the removal, but they did say that any work in Grove Park was making way for a new swing set, picnic area, and bloodstone circle, which we all can agree are good contributions to our community.

The Night Vale Green Market Co-Op announces today that, after 15 years, they will begin selling fruits and vegetables. Green Market Board President Tristan Cortez said that recent customer surveys indicated that shoppers have grown tired of empty pickup trucks and vacant tents lining the City Hall parking lot every Sunday morning in the summer and fall.

Cortez said that research indicates consumers are more likely to buy products if they are available and for sale, and that Green Market and Grocery shoppers tend to purchase food items. Cortez says that the decision to sell food at the Green Market was a controversial one, as many board members and Co-Op shareholders feel fruit and vegetable sales will interfere with their ongoing secretive domestic espionage operations.

When reached for comment, our source within the Secret Police only breathed heavily into the phone while tapping an as-yet uncracked code into the receiver.

Michael Sandero, starting quarterback for the Night Vale Scorpions, has reportedly grown a second head. It is not currently known whether this is a result of the previously reported lightning strike, or just another odd coincidence in this kid's odd life.

People in the know say that the new head is looking better, smarter than the first one, and even Michael's mother has issued a statement indicating that she likes it much better than her son. And that she will be changing the rankings on the public "Which of My Children I Like Best" board outside of her house.

Sandero could not be reached for comment.

Probably.

We didn't really try.

Friends, listeners; there's a real tarantula problem here in Night Vale. Many residents have called in to report that illiteracy, unwanted pregnancy, and violent crime are on the rise in the tarantula communities. Animal control is addressing these concerns through after school programs called "Teach a Spider to Read — Stop the Madness."

Those interesting in volunteering should stand in their bathtubs and weep until it is all gone.

Nothing left.

You can let go now.

Let go.

Shhhhh.

Let go.

And now a message from our sponsor.

Uh, Intern Leland, who is our first sponsor for today's show?

It is stamps dot com.

Tired of waiting in line at the Post Office? Scared of the unexplained blood that pours from P.O. boxes? Confused by screams that no one else hears? Try stamps dot com.

With stamps dot com, you can print your own postage and avoid the long lines and predatory birds so common at the Post Office. You can even have your postal carrier pick up your packages, as long as you're careful never to look the carrier in the eyes, as this is a sign of aggression and you may scare your postal carrier away.

Stamps dot com has a special offer for Night Vale Community Radio listeners. Sign up now, and receive a bag full of magic rocks, $50 worth of self loathing, and a free scale, so you can arbitrarily assign numbers to material objects.

To claim your new member benefits, simply visit stamps dot com, and press your forehead against the radio mic in the upper-right corner of your screen until your entire body falls forwards into the alternate stamps dot com universe.

Stamps dot com will tell your family you loved them very much. Stamps dot com will tell your family that stamps dot com loves them very much.

"Come here, family. You are all our family now," stamps dot com will say, stretching their many boneless arms around your entire family. "Come here. We are all a loving family."

Stamps dot com. You live in a dead world. We love you.

Ah, thank you so much, Leland! And now, back to our regularly scheduled programming.

Ladies and gentlemen, the rumor mill is abuzz. We've had a celebrity sighting in our little burgh!

Old Woman Josie and one of her Angel friends reportedly saw Rita Hayworth getting gas at the Fuel ‘n Go over by the bowling alley. Rita Hayworth, ladies and gentlemen! Right here in Night Vale. Can you believe it? Old Woman Josie said that Rita was looking a little bit older, moderately obese, and considerably more Hispanic, but the Angel assured her it was indeed Rita. And he is an Angel after all...he would know, right? Wow! Wow! Rita Hayworth! Here in Night Vale! Just imagine!

And now, an update on the Shape Formerly in Grove Park that No One Acknowledges or Speaks About: it seems the City Council, in their superhuman mercy and all-seeing glory, have chosen to move the Shape directly in front of our own radio station, where it is continuing to be what can only be described as indescribable.

The Shape was not available for comment as I could find no one willing to speak to it...or even meet my eye when I mentioned it. It has occurred to me that I may be the only one able to see it.

Now that I think about it, I have also never bothered to actually check whether this mic is attached to any sort of recording or broadcasting device.

And it is possible that I am alone, in an empty universe, speaking to no one, unaware that the world is held aloft merely by my delusions and my smooth, sonorous voice.

"More on this story as it develops," I say, possibly only to myself.

The Night Vale Community Theater is holding auditions for its fall show, "Once On This Island." Interested thespians should bring a head shot and resume to the Recreation Center auditorium on Thursday night.

All auditionees must perform a one-minute monologue and sing one song. Bring sheet music along if you would like piano accompaniment. Auditionees will also be required to do a cold reading, and give blood and stool samples along with mandatory radiation testing following the auditions.

Do not sing anything from South Pacific.

People of color are urged to audition, as Night Vale Community Theater is an equal-opportunity employer.

Oh, also, actors with long-range sniper training, FORTRAN computer programming, and top-notch wilderness survival skills are a plus.

Final casting will be announced in secret via dirigible.

No one can ever know.

Update on the Green Market situation from earlier in our broadcast. Everything is exactly the same as when we last reported on it, and there is no new information.

Listeners, do you ever think about the moon? I was sitting outside last night looking at the moon and I thought, does anyone actually know what that thing is? Have there been any studies on it? I went to ask Carlos, but he hasn't been seen much since that treacherous Telly's vile haircut.

The moon's weird though, right? It's there, and there, and then suddenly it's not. And it seems to be pretty far up. Is it – is it watching us? If not, what is it watching instead? Is there something more interesting than us? Hey, watch us moon! We may not always be the best show in the universe, but we try.

This has been today's Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

And now, a word from our sponsor. Leland? Uh, who else do we have supporting our show?

Well, Cecil, I'd like to take a second now to tell you about hulu dot com.

Huuuuuuuuuuuuullluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.

Let's talk about watching things. Let's talk about watching, rather than actually watching. Let's think about talking about watching a second-hand experience. Let's continually abstract ourselves from what we believe is the world.

Huuuuuulluuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.

The pulsing life of your body is an undeniable fact, but deny it anyway. Looking for the answers to all of life's problems? We recommend obstinate denial. Accept no substitute. Accept nothing.

Huuuuuulluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!

Water circles the drain of our planet, always coming back for one more go to see if the cycle will be different. It will not be different. The sky will break open, and water will fall, one more time.

One more time.

Huluuu.

The terror you feel in quiet moments is not misplaces, just mis-timed.

Hulu. Hulu. Hulu. Hulu. Hulu. Hulu. Hulu! Hulu!!

Hulu dot com! Sign up now, and get the latest episode of

[static sounds with a hint of distant horns, perhaps?]

OK, that's it for me, see you later!

Thank you, Leland!

The Night Vale School District has announced some changes to the elementary school curriculum. They are as follows:

In response to parent feedback, history classes will focus more heavily on textbook readings and traditional exams, rather than live ammo drills.

Oh, geology is adding a new type of rock on the grounds that it's been a while since anybody has done that. The new type of rock is "vimbee," and it is categorized by its pale blue color, and the fact that it is completely edible. Points will be awarded to the first student to discover a real-world example of it.

Math and English are switching names. Their curriculum will stay exactly the same.

Astronomy will now be conducting stargazing sessions only with blindfolds on every participant, in order to protect them from the existential terror of the void.

Oh, also, Pluto has been declared imaginary.

All classrooms will be equipped with at least one teacher physically present for the entire instruction period. Astral projection will no longer be used in any classroom.

And finally, in addition to the current foreign language offerings of Spanish, French, and Modified Sumerian, schools will now be offering Double Spanish, Weird Spanish, Coptic Spanish, Russian, and Unmodified Sumerian.

And now a continuation of our previous investigation into whether I am literally the only person in the world, speaking to myself in a fit of madness caused by my inability to admit the tragedy of my own existence.

Intern Leland recently brought me a cup of coffee. He is no longer in my field of vision, but I do still have the cup of coffee. Which is well made, and is giving me that needed pick-me-up to continue considering this terrifying possibility.

Is it possible that I only imagined Leland, and forgot making myself this cup of coffee? But then, who would have grown this coffee? Where was this cup produced? Hmm.

Oh, Leland is, uh, back in the room, and he's waving at me — um, hello, Leland — uh, he's saying...wait, what was that, Leland?

Cecil, the Shape has turned a molten red, and is causing small whirlwinds in front of our radio station doors. There is the sound of a great many voices chanting, as though it were an army giving out a battle cry before raining down destruction on our arid little hamlet, I...

Hang on...

Listeners, Leland has stopped speaking, and is now writing furiously on a piece of paper. I have to say, Leland's existence, as well as his finally speaking about the Shape Which No One Else Would Speak About, has reassured me greatly about my lonely and solipsistic vigil here at this microphone.

He is handing me the note — thank you, Leland — lemme see here...ahh.

It says that the City Council believes the reason for the violent reaction of the Shape Formerly in Grove Park that No One Acknowledges or Speaks About is because I have been acknowledging and speaking about it, which has made it angry. They urge me to stop speaking of it, and never do it again. And in exchange they'll move it somewhere else so we can get our front loading zone back.

After brief consideration, I have decided to accept the Council's offer, because they are trustworthy leaders looking out for our better future. And also because Leland just now got vaporized by a strange red light emanating from the station entrance.

To the family of Leland, we thank you for his service to the cause of community radio, and we join you in mourning his loss.

And, without further ado, nor ever again mentioning anything we shouldn't, let's go to the weather.

["You and Me" by Sara Watkins]

Hello listeners.

In breaking news, the sky. The earth. Life.

Existence as an unchanging plane, with horizons of birth and death in the faint distance.

We have nothing to speak about. There never was. Words are an unnecessary trouble. Expression is time wasting away. Any communication is just a yelp in the darkness.

Ladies, gentlemen, listeners, you.

I am speaking now but I am saying nothing. I am just making noises and, as it happens, they are organized in words but you should not draw any meaning from this.

The service for Leland was lovely. We threw flowers and wept. He was buried in the break room, as is our custom. His family came, and mooned around the office, as though we had answers.

But we do not have answers. I am not certain that we even have questions. I have chosen to not be certain of anything at all.

This is Cecil, generally, speaking to you, metaphorically, for Night Vale Community Radio.

And I would like to say in the most nebulous terms possible, and with no real-world implications or insinuations of objective meaning:

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

6) The Drawbridge (1 September 2012)

Rabbits are not what they seem to be. Welcome to Night Vale.

We've had some power outages reported throughout Night Vale in the last couple of hours. If you're experiencing one, well then you can't hear me, can you? The Night Vale municipal utility department said that they are still working to determine the cause of the outages, which are roving back and forth across town in a continuous motion, like a great pacing beast. Those whose neighborhoods have been hit by the outages reported the shriek of hawks overhead, and that when the lights came back on, they felt that perhaps they were different people, their memories and identities were the same as always, but suddenly felt like costumes that didn't fit exactly, as though it all were actually brand new to them. As though they had been switched out with someone who was exactly like them. As though all that was familiar would ever after be strange. Keep some flashlights with spare batteries and a childhood photo album by you tonight, just in case.

The revitalization of the Old Town Drawbridge experienced another setback this week, as engineers determined that the furniture upholstery used to construct the bridge towers soaks up water and creates an unstable foundation. This week's collapse was the third in as many months. Construction crews have tried building the bridge tower base supports from corrugated cardboard, non-dairy creamer, and ceramic bowls. Nothing has worked. Engineers are asking for help in determining how proper bridge towers are made. If you have any tips, please write them on notebook paper and mail them to Bridge Magic, LLC, PO Box 1616. Do not use cursive or long words. Clearly labeled drawings are preferred.

Ladies and gentlemen, it's that time of year again. Time for our annual pledge drive. Sorry to have to do this, but, you know, Night Vale has a lot of community-supported radio, and the thing about community-supported radio—it's supported by listeners like you. As well as Guatemala and some teamsters, who are, sometimes, just too generous. Any amount you can give will help us continue our community programming. A dollar, or two, or even plasma. Take WZZZ, our local numbers station, broadcasting from that strange and tall antenna built out back of the abandoned gas station on Oxford Street. Did you know that it broadcasts a monotone female voice reading out seemingly random numbers interspersed with chimes twenty four hours a day, seven days a week? As you can imagine, that kind of work doesn't bring in a lot of money—unless it does. To be honest, here at Night Vale Radio we don't know exactly what that station is for, or what master it is serving. But I do know that it is a vital part of this community, and we should pitch in to help it. We welcome your support. Give us a call! We don't have a number; just whisper, "Forsaken Algonquinia" into your phone receiver, and angels, or Facebook, or something, will deliver an appropriate contribution from your bank account.

More on the Drawbridge debacle. It was turmoil in city headquarters this morning. Following this latest in a long line of municipal failures, the city council has come under fire from concerned citizens for wasting taxpayer money on inefficient services that go over budget and over schedule. One critic, who wished to remain anonymous, said, "We don't even have a river or bay in Night Vale. There would never be a boat to necessitate a drawbridge!" He continued to...you know what? Forget it. I can tell you right now that that was Steve Carlsberg who said that, and he is such a spoilsport, that Steve! Have you ever noticed how he never replaces his hubcaps? It's laziness, pure and simple. Laziness. I just can't let him ruin our town by denying Night Vale a drawbridge when he can't even care for a tan Corolla!

The Night Vale Daily Journal has announced that, due to spiraling printing costs, they will be replacing the print edition of the paper with a special new Imagination Edition. Editor Leann Hart explains, "Instead of confining our customers to the outdated modes of ink on paper, we are allowing them to choose the news that interests them by imagining whatever news they want. This will not only save costs, but allow customers to experience the news as a full-color, full-motion experience taking place in a mental world that is tailored to their needs." Subscription to this edition will be compulsory and automatic, and will cost a mere $60 a month.

This Friday, at Night Vale High's Memorial Stadium, it's the annual softball showdown between the Night Vale Fire Department and the Sheriff's Secret Police. Proceeds from the game will go to support development of nuclear weaponry for a strongly religious Indonesian militia that is looking to overthrow their heretical government, as well as to the Make-A-Wish foundation. So, even if you don't like softball, come on out and support a couple of great causes. Last year's game ended in a rout, as the secret police hit three home runs in the eighth and ninth innings. The firefighters claimed that there was some foul play involved—pun intended, dear listeners—as their entire bullpen was assassinated in the middle innings with blow darts. Those murders remain unsolved and completely uninvestigated. Our hearts go out to the families of the deceased relief pitchers. Rest in peace. It should be a fun one! Expect a real revenge-minded fire department to take the field on Friday. Tickets are only $10, or $5 if you bring enriched yellowcake uranium. Black helicopters will be mind-scanning the town on game day, hunting down those who do not attend. The first 500 fans receive surgically applied working gills.

Notice: there is no digital, static-y hum coming from the dog park, Mayor Pamela Winchell announced today. The mayor stressed repeatedly in her ninety-second impromptu press conference that there is no unbearable, soul-tearing sound that rips at the sinews of your very being coming from the dog park. Mayor Winchell continued with a plea for all Night Vale residents to understand that there could not possibly be a deeply coded message emanating from a small, fenced-in patch of municipal grass and dirt. Citizens are not even supposed to be consciously aware of the dog park, so they could not possibly be receiving a menacing and unearthly voice instructing listeners to bring precious metals and toddlers to the dog park. "Dog park," she repeated. "That could never, ever be real," the mayor shouted, pounding the podium with her bleeding fists. There were no follow-up questions.

And now, a word from our sponsors!

-long, drawn out moaning-

And now, traffic.

There's a stalled car on the northbound on-ramp to the eastern expressway just south of Route 800. Commuters should have little delays, as highway patrol is fiercely denying this report. In fact, police representatives have just issued a statement claiming that there are no cars anywhere, and, "What are you doing, talking about them, talking silly lies, you silly people, there are no cars! What is this fiction? Oh, please, did you seriously believe for a second? Wait. Wait, you thought that cars were real?" The highway patrol continued, "Oh, that is rich." All other roads seem clear. Expect delays, of course, at the drawbridge construction site, because it is years away from being competently finished.

Here are this week's horoscopes.

Virgo: go see a movie today. It's a great escape! Especially from all this pollution and dangerous UV radiation. Say, is that mole new?

Libra: your dreams will be filled with prophetic visions. Write them down. Hopefully, there are some lottery numbers or sports scores in there.

Scorpio: curse you. Curse your family. Curse your children. And your children's children. Vile, vile Scorpio.

Sagittarius: eat well today! You've earned it. And by it, I mean massive food allergies. And by earned, I mean acquired. I should proof this stuff before I read it out loud. Let's try that again. You've acquired massive food allergies. Yes, much cleaner. Eat well!

Capricorn: those were not contact lenses you put in this morning. Best not think about this again.

Aquarius: the white ball will be under the middle shell. Trust the stars. Invest all your money in this lucrative street game.

Pisces: you've won a brand new car!

Aries: you will feel a haunting sadness about times gone by. Today's smell is wheatgrass and toast.

Taurus: today is your annual Crime Day. All Tauruses are exempt from laws today.

Gemini: you will meet someone today who will have no effect on your life, and who you will immediately forget. Retain hope for a possible future.

Cancer: I've gotta pay my phone bill, and also get some more milk. That wasn't me talking—that is what the stars say today. Interpret it as you will.

Leo: it's better that I don't read this aloud. Better that you not know. Tell your family that you love them.

That has been this week's horoscopes.

Good news for radio-controlled airplane hobbyists. Those unidentifiable black metallic trees that suddenly appeared by the library back in June and caused all airborne objects above thirty feet to catch fire? Well, they've finally been cleared away, as a new strip mall and parking lot are being developed. The Night Vale Airport, local birdwatchers, and that nice epileptic couple who run the Emergency Services helicopter are just pleased as pleased can be about the news. Several petitions, however, have cropped up from neighborhood improvement organizations. Juanita Jefferson, head of one such organization, Night Vale Or Nothing, said, "...treeeeees...they are us..." Jefferson then paused for several minutes without blinking and whispered again, "...treeeeeees," before collapsing into tears and loud moaning. Jefferson was then taken by helicopter to Night Vale General Hospital, where she is reportedly in stable condition. This morning, Jefferson's lawyer issued a statement saying: "My client fully recognizes the irony of this helicopter trip, but she stands by her earlier pronouncement, 'Trees, trees; they are us.'"

Meanwhile, I hear from trustworthy informants that there will be a Pinkberry at the new strip mall. Delicious!

This just in on Drawbridge Gate. The city council said that, in response to this week's collapse, they will increase the project budget by twenty million dollars over the next fourteen years—the new timeline for the bridge. Money for these extra expenses will come from school lunch programs, a 65% hotel tax, and a $276 bridge toll, which will be discounted to $249 with E-Z Pass.

And now for a station editorial.

Large, expensive projects are not uncommon in Night Vale. We are a patient but resilient little city. We have big dreams—sometimes scary, unforgettable dreams that repeat on the same date every year and are shared by every person in town—but we make those big dreams come true. Remember the clock tower? It took eight years and twenty three million dollars to build, and despite its invisibility and constant teleportation, it is a lovely structure that keeps impeccable time. It's a classy signature for Night Vale's growing skyline, unlike that hideous sports arena Desert Bluffs built last spring. Desert Bluffs can't do anything right. That's where Steve Carlsberg belongs! God, what a jerk.

And now, the weather!

(Aye, Dio)

Apparently, the Sheriff's Secret Police agree with me about old Steve Carlsberg, dear listeners. We just received a report from a reliable witness that two days ago, Steve was whisked into the back of a windowless van, only to reappear earlier this morning wearing thick head bandages and eating Styrofoam shaped like an ice cream cone.

I want to take this moment to thank all of you out there, for all of the generous donations that you may or may not be aware that you just made. During this show, we have raised just a hair over $45,000, which includes a $45,000 donation from a certain anonymous world leader. I can't tell you who—let's just say, muchos gracias, El Presidente! –speaks Spanish- Thank you again for your involuntary support of community radio. We couldn't do it without the support of listeners like you, in conjunction with unethical contributions from nefarious organizations. And with that, I leave you alone with your thoughts, folks. Stay tuned next for Zydeco Note By Note, a special two-hour verbal description of what zydeco music sounds like. Buenos noches, Night Vale. Goodnight.

7) History Week (15 September 2012)

It is almost complete. It is almost complete at last.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, there.

As you well know, faithful listeners, it is Night Vale History Week, in which we all learn a little bit about what made our bustling little town what it is. Or, as the official motto released by the City Council goes, "Poke about in the black recesses of the past until it devours our fragile present."

In the interest of civic participation, Night Vale Community Radio will be pitching in with short lessons about some points of interest from our town's history, starting with 4000 B.C.

Archaeologists believe that this is the earliest date of human settlement in Night Vale. Little remains of these ancient inhabitants except a few cave paintings of their towns and their hunting practices, and of the dark shapes that would watch them in the distance. Inhuman, shimmering shapes that never came closer or farther away, but whose presence could be felt even with eyes shut tight, huddled in fur and the company of another human's naked skin.

Or so I'm extrapolating from the evidence.

The cave paintings mainly resemble smudges now, after their original discoverer attempted to power-wash them off the wall because he, on religious grounds, did not believe in the past.

And now the news:

The Night Vale Tourism Board asks that whoever is telepathically assaulting the tourists please stop.

According to the NVTB executive director, Madeline LeFleur, there were two separate incidents in one week of entire tour buses suddenly shrieking in unbridled terror and trying to blind themselves using rolled-up "Visitable Night Vale" brochures — all to the utter confusion of the bus drivers.

LeFleur added, "We just had those brochures printed."

LeFleur claims that tourism accounts for tens of thousands of dollars annually for Night Vale, and the town prides itself on hospitality. She said that if good-hearted families travel to Night Vale only to find their subconsciouses besieged with unforgettable revelations, horrors buried so deep as to be completely indescribable, revealing wholly unbearable new truths, then we certainly can't expect these people to return...let alone leave good Yelp ratings for local businesses.

The city is asking residents for help in determining who, or what, is causing these psychological infractions. The tourism board is offering puppies as a reward for information on this case.

Or, even if you don't have information, the city asks that you come get a puppy or two anyway.

Seriously.

Downtown municipal offices are overrun with them. In the trees, walls, carpentry...the exterminators are completely stymied by this infestation.

Please help.

It has been several weeks since anyone in Night Vale has seen the Apache Tracker — that white guy who wears the inaccurate and horribly offensive Indian headdress everywhere. He has not been seen since he began investigating the Great Screaming heard at the post office, and the words written in blood inside.

Also the entire structure of his house has vanished, and the lot where it stood is now a bucolic meadow that neighborhood kids will not ever enter for reasons even they are unable to explain.

I think I speak for everyone in the community when I say good riddance to that local embarrassment. He made the whole town look ignorant and racist.

And now, let us continue with our Night Vale History Week special feature.

The year 1745:

The first white men arrived in Night Vale. Which was not Night Vale then, but was rather just another part of a large and featureless desert. I think we can all agree, though, that even as large and featureless as the desert was, the part that would eventually become Desert Bluffs was still probably awful and drab in comparison to our part.

In any case, the story goes that a party of explorers came to the area that would be Night Vale, looked around, and immediately left to go find somewhere with more water, and maybe some trees.

Then another three parties of explorers did the same thing.

Then finally, one party of explorers all looked at each other, shrugged, and plopped down their stuff...and thus was a proud city born.

And now, traffic.

Crews from the Department of Public Safety will be repainting highway lane markers this week. The common white dashes and double yellow lane dividers will be replaced with colorful ceramic mosaics depicting disgruntled South American workers rising en masse against an abusive capitalist hegemony.

The protective steel barriers along curves in the road will be taken down to make room for some really lovely and provocative butcher-paper silhouettes of slavery-era self-mutilation, reflective of several centuries of slow genocide and dehumanization by Western imperialists, designed by contemporary art darling Kara Walker.

Also, Exits 15 to 17 along Route 800 will be closed for the next two Saturdays because of the biennial Lee Marvin Film Retrospective. So please watch for working crews this weekend, lower your speed, and don't forget to tip the DPS shift leaders. 20% of your current mileage is standard. Lack of tipping is the leading cause of sinkholes in the U.S.

The year 1824:

The first meeting of the Town Elder Council, predecessors to the City Council. Picture them: crimson robes and soft meat crowns (as was traditional at the time), setting the groundwork for the splendor of today's Night Vale.

A number of elements of our modern civic process were invented in that single three-hour meeting, including the City Council membership (since unchanged), the lovably Byzantine tax system (as well as the system of brutal penalties for mistakes) and the official town song, chant, and moan. All records of this meeting were destroyed, and...according to a note being passed to me just now, I am to report to City Hall for re-education effective tomorrow morning.

Oh, dear.

The results of a recent survey of Night Vale residents came to light this week. The study found widespread dissatisfaction with our town's public library. And, when considering the facts, it's easy to see why.

The public computers for internet use are outdated and slow. The lending period of 14 days is not nearly long enough to read lengthier books, given the busy schedules of all our lives.

The fatality rate is also well above the national average for public libraries. The library bloodstone circle does not appear to have seen any maintenance or cleaning in some time. There are reports of a faceless spectre moving about the Biography section, picking off lone browsers one by one.

And that Biography section, by the way, is far too small and has been oddly curated — containing 33 copies of the official biography of Helen Hunt, and no other books.

From top to bottom, the public library is a disgrace to our fair city and I can only hope that our City Council does something about that soon, or I may find myself hoping that the faceless spectre puts the library to the same mysterious, violent end as its many victims.

Night Vale High won the grudge match against the Desert Bluffs Vultures last night. Two-headed quarterback Michael Sandero credits the win to help from Angels! The Angels have made an adamant denial of any involvement whatsoever in the game. The school district ethics committee has announced that they will look into any possible "Angelic interference".

Speaking of which, Night Vale High School is adding metal detectors, and parents and students alike are outraged. Several parents we talked to said that NVHS students have long been recipients of shadow government-issued Uzis and rifles, as well as tasers and armor-piercing munitions. The School Board's decision to put up metal detectors, according to parents, impinges on the clandestine operation's rights as a vast underground conspiracy of giant megacorporations and corrupt world leaders to bear arms via teenage paramilitary proxies.

The School Board countered that studies indicate that weapons distract from educators' ability to educate, and that students who bring firearms to classrooms are more likely to use firearms than students without firearms. The School Board says that school shootings can only get in the way of a quality education.

Well...at the risk of becoming too much a part of this story, dear listeners, might I say that the Night Vale School District is overstepping its bounds by telling us whether or not our children can be armed by undercover militants? Should it be a school's job to say, "No, child, you cannot have grenades or assault rifles in the classroom"? I think not!

Beginning November first, all students at NVHS will enter the school through metal detectors. Any firearms or weaponry found will be confiscated and held in the counselor's office until after school, when the students can pick them up again.

Seriously, listeners, what's next? Removing the line "Praise the beams, praise, o ye knowing beams that guide our lives, our hearts, our souls; praise o highest to ye all-powerful beams" from the Pledge of Allegiance?!

Let's return to another key moment in Night Vale history.

The year 1943:

As part of the war effort, Night Vale citizens dedicated themselves to chanting. The young, the old, men and women alike gathered around their bloodstones and chanted for the victory of the United States.

While some credit must be given to the strategic planning of U.S Command, and to the brave fighting of American soldiers, most reputable scholars believe that Night Vale's chanting was the deciding factor in America's eventual victory over the Axis powers.

The City Council erected a seven-story monument in Grove Park saying so in large, neon letters...until a federal lawsuit forced them to take it down.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

That word is carp.

This next installment in our exploration of Night Vale's storied past takes place in the future.

The year 2052:

The scion of the Dark Order will descend, realize he mistimed the prophecy, and re-ascend. The Seventh Siege of the Great Night Vale Temple will rage on. The plague of buzzing boils will kill thousands, and annoy thousands more, with its buzzing.

The City Council will reveal its true form and eat half of Night Vale's population.

Approval ratings for the mayor will hover in the low 40s...which will be surprising, as there will have been no mayor for over thirty years.

And now, the weather!

["Despite What You've Been Told" by Two Gallants]

The Night Vale Business Association announced today that the Night Vale Harbor and Waterfront Recreation Area was not actually something that ever existed in reality, but was instead a shared hallucination of the entire town's population. As such, they are proud to declare that they have never suffered any sort of disastrous business failure, and the reportedly massive amounts of money lost on building waterfront facilities in a desert are fabrications of our collective consciousness.

They recommend consulting your dream interpretation manuals to determine exactly what this "Night Vale Harbor" vision could mean. They also said that if you happen to stumble on the Waterfront buildings out in the desert exactly where you remembered them, and they seem completely real, standing as vacant and useless as the day they were built, that's because you are still hallucinating and should seek medical treatment immediately. Or have a member of the City Council howl at you if you are of the Olden Faith, and do not believe in modern medicine.

For our final story in this week's featured look into the history of Night Vale, let's look at the very recent past.

Yesterday:

I had cereal for breakfast, a sandwich for lunch, steak for dinner. Cars were driven, cars were not driven. The sun gave a great shout of light and then, after several hours of thought, quietly retracted the statement.

Old Woman Josie dug up a box in a shady corner of her yard and carried it, cradled in her arms like a baby or a delicate explosive, to another part of her yard where she buried it again.

An unknown person did something that no one else saw, the nature and extent of which is impossible to determine, and the result of which will be lost in the chaotic chain of causation and consequence that is history.

But most importantly, all of us — all of us here in Night Vale, in America, in the world, in the secret orbital bases — all of us got through another day. We passed the time from one end of twelve to the other without stopping once.

Well done, us! Good job, people who experience time! Time experiencers! Good job!

And, from this moment in history, the one that's happening right now...

Goodnight.

8) The Lights in Radon Canyon (1 October 2012)

Silence is golden. Words are vibrations. Thoughts are magic.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Next Saturday is the big lottery drawing, listeners, right out in front of City Hall. And your community radio station has put together a few helpful tips for winning.

The lottery is, of course, mandatory, but how can you get the best odds for drawing a blank white paper, and not one of the purple pieces that means you'll be ceremonially disemboweled and eaten by the wolves at the Night Vale Petting Zoo and Makeshift Carnival?

I know to some of you young people this lottery seems like a barbarous, outdated tradition. But if not for a municipally-planned citizen sacrifice each quarter, how else would we find satisfactory meats to feed those sad, scrawny animals?

So here now are the "Three I's" of playing the lottery:

"I" one: Identify. Learn to sense colors. Purple has a grittier emotional aura than white.
"I" two: Ignite. Set fire to your home. While it's not true that wolves refuse to eat arsonists, it's a scientific fact that they're unable to detect the presence of one.
"I" three: Imitate. If you happen to draw a purple piece, impersonate someone who drew a white piece. You might be mistaken for a person who is color blind. This, of course, will lead to months of painful color re-education at City Hall. But, in most cultures, that's better than being eaten by wolves.
Also, make sure to visit the Food Truck Festival, which will be downtown as part of the lottery festivities. Popular truck treats include Korean barbecue, vegetarian chili, and veal ice cream.

Carlos, this station's favorite scientist (no offense to Dr. Dubinski in the Night Vale Community College chemistry department) dropped by our broadcasting station earlier this morning for a little chat.

Sadly, dinner or weekend plans were not among the topics.

However, Carlos did request that we ask listeners for anyone who saw a series of bright, colorful flickers coming from Radon Canyon this past weekend. These flickers would also have also been accompanied by unintelligible noises — possibly some form of coded communication or signal-jamming technique.

Carlos suggested that there could be some very sinister forces at work here. He declined to be interviewed live, claiming only that he was scared for us. Scared for all of us in our strange town. Then he drove away quickly in his economical but attractively sporty hybrid coupe.

If anyone out there knows anything about these otherworldly lights and sounds, please contact us immediately.

Night Vale school superintendent Nick Ford, announced today that the Glow Cloud has joined the School Board. The Glow Cloud passed over the entirety of Night Vale several weeks ago — dropping small and large animal carcasses, controlling our thoughts and tertiary muscle groups, and erasing every last recording device. We're still unsure the Glow Cloud even existed, as no one remembers it, nor has any digital record of it. If not for a few intrepid citizens who used old-fashioned pens and pencils to record the event in their diaries, we would have no remaining knowledge of that day.

I, of course, can only thank those journal writers anonymously here on the air, as the Night Vale City Council long ago banned writing utensils — along with margarita glasses and bar code scanners — and I don't want to get my fellow reporters in any trouble with the Sheriff's Secret Police.

According to Superintendent Ford, the Glow Cloud's visit on that nearly-forgotten day was simply an effort to find a nice neighborhood with good schools to raise a child.

Now what kind of progeny a powerful, formless cloud formed of noxious nightmares and spiritual destruction might produce, I dare not even speculate. But I do know one thing: that little cloud is going to get one heck of an education in the Night Vale School District.

And isn't it heartening to hear that that little puff of despair's father, or mother, will serve on the School Board? I mean, no matter how good the school, a student can only get out as much as the parents put in. We should all take such an impactful role in our children's scholastic lives.

Especially you, Steve Carlsberg. You don't do anything except bring unacceptably dry scones to PTA meetings and take grammatically disastrous minutes on your shifts as meeting secretary. Get it together, Steve!

Superintendent Ford offered the following statement of support for the newest school board member:

"All hail! Kneel for the Glow Cloud. Sacrifice. Pestilence. Sores. All hail the Glow Cloud!"

And now, traffic.

This morning, I saw a running man. He passed by my home. Panting. Limping. Running desperate. I tried to stop him, but he would not meet my eye.

This noon time, I saw a running man. He was coming down from the mountain, holding a bag. His knees were bloody, and face covered in tears.

This evening, I saw a running man. He was leaving town, legs pumping like a terrified heart. I think he was missing a hand.

Is it that he wouldn't meet my eye, or that he had no eyes? Now I wish I could remember. There are many things I wish I could remember.

This has been traffic.

New billboards have appeared all over town, bearing the image of a turkey sandwich and the single word "HARLOT" in large, block letters.

These billboards have caused some confusion — both due to their ambiguous message and to the fact that the entire structure of the billboards materialized overnight in places billboards are not usually constructed, such as the living rooms of local homes, the middle of busy thoroughfares (causing multiple car accidents), and, in one case, directly through a living dog, who does not appear harmed by the addition to his body, and has carried the entire billboard around town while going about his usual canine business.

The Department of Health and Human Services recently claimed responsibility for the billboards, saying that they were part of a campaign to promote nutrition and healthy living among children. The original draft of the release also mentioned something about an offering to a long-dead god, but this was altered to "fun, active lifestyles are important for kids of all ages" in a subsequent addendum.

We're receiving several phone calls from listeners, and from the Parks Department, that those flickering lights and unintelligible noises we reported on earlier were coming from the Pink Floyd Multimedia Laser Spectacular. I contacted Carlos about this, and he said that the situation is even worse than he imagined.

He, again, did not mention weekend plans.

A sports scandal has shook our quiet little town. The Night Vale Scorpions have faced multiple allegations of possible game tampering this football season. Representatives for the Desert Bluffs School District, speaking in unpleasant and high-pitched voices indicative of weakness of will and character, complained to the Regional Football and Traffic Code Authority that Night Vale quarterback Michael Sandero's recently-grown second head counts as a twelfth man on the field, thus invalidating the wins brought on by his also recently-acquired superhuman agility and strength.

The RFTCA said that they would look into these allegations with the utmost seriousness, along with their concurrent investigation into whether Night Vale's "invisible crosswalk" policy is actually a desperate bid to save town funds at the cost of pedestrian lives.

Meanwhile, the School Board is due to announce its decision in the ongoing hearings as to whether appealing to Angels for a win constitutes illegal game tampering. Several Angels agreed to testify at the hearings, however their testimonials were cut short when it became apparent that the hearings were actually elaborate traps set up by the City Council to finally capture the Angels, whom the Council does not recognize as actually existing.

Fortunately, the Angels easily escaped from their cages in a blaze of Heavenly light, presumably returning to Old Woman Josie's house, out near the Car Lot, which has become something of an informal shelter for local Angels.

When asked about the controversy over his team's winning record, Coach Nazr al-Mujaheed said, "Our boys are good boys. They're good boys at football. We win 'em. With the boys. The football." Then he smiled vacantly, waved at no one, and wandered off in the direction of the woods. More on this story as it develops.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Step into your nearest Subway restaurant today, and try their new 6-inch mashed potato sub! Top it with a delicious assortment of fresh vegetables, like french fries and Nutella. They'll even toast or poach it for you! There are several Subway locations in Night Vale, all easily accessible through witchcraft and chanting. And between now and November 30, buy nine reverse colonics and get a free 40-ounce soda or freshly baked tobacco cookie.

Subway: Devour your own empty heart.

Exciting news about the Abandoned Mine Shaft outside of town, where people who vote incorrectly are taken by the secret police: HBO On Demand will be made available to prisoners during their indefinite detention. All your favorite shows, such as The Wire, Sex and the City, and even new hits like Game Of Thrones, will be available in every cell.

Additionally, the secret police announced that they will be randomly executing one prisoner a day until all incorrect votes are corrected.

This just in: We're receiving word from the City Council that there was absolutely not a Pink Floyd Multimedia Laser Spectacular this weekend at Radon Canyon...that there was never a Pink Floyd Multimedia Laser Spectacular ever near Night Vale. "Pink Floyd is not even a thing," said the Council in a very stern, but quiet, statement just received by me, here, via phone.

The Council...and this is strange...the entire Council — not just a representative of the Council, the entire Council — issued this statement, all speaking in unison, just now, over the phone: that Night Vale citizens are prohibited from discussing any lights or sounds coming from Radon Canyon this past weekend, and that they should just stop remembering Pink Floyd shows altogether.

The Council reiterated that there is no way that they are huge Floyd fans, privately using public funds on a laser-powered seance to talk "hard-rockin' classic jams" with the ghost of original front man Syd Barrett, and that Syd "wouldn't even say anything juicy anyway, because he is such a gentleman, and an artist." This did not happen at all.

So, listeners, we urge you to look away from Radon Canyon. Avert your eyes, ears, and memories from that which is no longer allowed you.

Comfort and distract yourselves with dense food and television programming. As the old adage goes:

"A life of pain is the pain of life, and you can never escape it — only hope it hides, unknown, in a drawer like a poisonous spider and never comes out again, even though it probably will, in unexpected and horrific fashion, scaring you from being able to comfortably conduct even the most mundane, quotidian tasks."

Or, at least, that's how my grandparents always phrased it.

And now, the weather.

["This Too Shall Pass" by Danny Schmidt]

Teddy Williams, over at the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, has an update on the doorway into that vast, underground city he found in the pin retrieval area of Lane Five.

He says that every window of the city is now glowing both day and night. And he heard the shouts and footsteps of what sounds like an army marching upwards toward the world above. He also said that, given that nothing really matters now, bowling is half-off and each game comes with a free basket of wings.

Mmm, nothing like those Desert Flower wings!

Let me leave you with this, dear listeners.

We lead frantic lives. Filled with needs and responsibilities, but completely devoid of any actual purpose. I say let's try to enjoy the simple things. Life should be like a basket of chicken wings: salty, full of fat and vinegar, and surrounded by celery you'll never actually eat, even when you're greedily sopping up the last viscous streaks of buffalo sauce from the wax paper with your spit-stained index finger. Yes, that is as life should be, Night Vale.

Stay tuned next for a special live broadcast of the Night Vale Symphony Orchestra performing Eugene O'Neill's classic play The Iceman Cometh.

It is a good night, listeners.

Goodnight.

9) Pyramid (15 October 2012)

Weird at last, weird at last! God almighty, weird at last!

Welcome to Night Vale.

The Sheriff's Secret Police are asking the public's help in catching a dangerous fugitive on the loose in the greater Night Vale area. They say he is armed, and should be approached with extreme caution.

For everyone's protection, they are keeping the name and description of the fugitive secret, but indicate that all strangers should be mistrusted and avoided...as well as friends and loved ones, because how well do you know those people, anyway? Are you aware of their location every second of every day? Who among us does not have secrets?

The fugitive is wanted dead or alive and vigilante justice is, as always, highly encouraged.

Our top story today:

A large Pyramid has appeared in the center of the Beatrix Lowman Memorial Meditation Zone, destroying over half of the Zone's state-of-the-art meditation equipment and paraphernalia. Experts have been contacted as to what could cause sudden Pyramid existence.

However, as it turns out, there are no experts in Pyramid materialization. And the town's other experts offered up merely shrugs, followed by panicked conjectures, and finally, screams and moans, all of which fell uselessly upon the City Council's merciless ears.

The Pyramid has been described as "a kind of triangle shape, only three-dimensional." It has made no movement, despite repeated taserings by the Sheriff's Secret Police.

Many suspect that this may be a publicity stunt pulled by our own local cereal company, Flaky-Os, who are launching their new line of nighttime-only cereals next month.

An angry mob has formed outside of the cereal factory, just in case.

Telly.

You remember, the deceitful barber with a shriveled soul who. just a few weeks ago. cut perfect scientist Carlos' perfect, beautiful hair very short — so very, very short — thus depriving our community of our only remaining pleasure.

Well, Telly was seen recently, wandering the Sand Wastes, howling at the sky, and holding up Carlos' shorn locks as though begging God to reverse the crime he has done. Reports indicate that his skin was blistering, that his eyes were bleary, and that he was recently seen trying to give a cactus a haircut, whispering and cooing into what he seemed to think was its ear.

Listeners, I am not one to stand aside harshly and say that a man deserves the punishment that comes to him, but I also am not sorry to see Telly in this state, given his crime.

In any case, if your cactus is in need of a haircut, try Telly, out wandering the Sand Wastes.

Ladies and gentlemen, I must say that I am not a cat person. But I have really grown to love Khoshekh, the stray cat that has made his home here at the radio station. I discovered Khoshekh several weeks ago, hovering in a fixed location in the men's bathroom — and he's remained there ever since.

The men at the station, of course, have taken to keeping the sink at a light trickle, so he can get water, and we even take turns buying Science Diet Low-Calorie Cat Food. It turns out little Khoshekh is getting a bit chubby, since he can't actually exercise in his unmovable, levitating state.

Oh, and thanks to our new intern, Brad, we've finally solved the litter problem. Brad is very excellent at both carpentry and dark magic, so he rigged us up a fine-looking litter box that our floating feline friend can reach. He's just adorable, that cat! As a life-long dog lover, I've really turned the corner. Khoshekh is wonderful!

I know several others here at the station who feel the same way. After meeting Khoshekh, Mikaela, who works in sales, put her three-year-old Weimaraner to sleep and then adopted six tabby kittens. She's that much of a convert! Make sure to take some cute videos, Mikaela.

And for others of you interested in getting a new cat, the Night Vale SPCA strongly recommends that you have your cat spayed or neutered, bring them in for their shots and, once the cat reaches 18 months, begin using the little beast to harvest human organs for those "just in case" moments.

The SPCA has several one-sheets on preventing heart worms and using pets to grow small replacement organs. To get your copy, go online or simply make up your own informative facts.

An update on the Pyramid reported on earlier:

Word is in that the Pyramid has spoken. It is broadcasting, on low-wave frequencies, a repeated message. The message is the following:

"I will place within some of you questions. Within others, I will place answers. These questions and these answers will not always align. The questions I provide may have no answers, and the answers I provide may have no questions. I will study the effects of these questions, and these answers. Some of you will hurt others, and others will heal. Grow my seeds inside you, and let them flower."

The Flaky-Os marketing department must be complimented for the best use of viral marketing in Night Vale since Stan's Pawn Shop released a virulent strain of Ebola back in '98. And, as a communicator by trade, I applaud their ingenuity.

The Sheriff's Secret Police has responded with surface-to-surface missiles which, they say, will "silence the dark heart of the beast." So far, they have not so much as created a smudge on the Pyramid's broad, shiny surface.

Home handymen, fix-it vixens, ladies and gentlemen who love to get their hands dirty, let's talk about home repair.

Certain jobs are fine for the amateur, and certain others should be left to the professionals.

Leaky sinks, sticky windows, minor exorcisms, and bleeding doors — all these are the kind of 'quick fixes' that a toolbox and a quick search on the internet should allow you to take care of.

On the other hand, structural damage, major remodeling, seeping darkness, major exorcisms, roof boils, and lawn care — these are all the kind of work that should not be attempted by anyone without years of expertise and a valid Hammer License from the City Council.

Finding the right professional for the job is easy. Just look at the Yellow Pages. Or head down to the squatter shacks by the edge of the Sand Wastes and ask around among the homeless.

And now, a public service announcement from the Night Vale medical community.

Being in the desert, we get a lot of sun, and doctors are encouraging Night Vale citizens to do regular skin checks. You may think that freckle or mole is harmless, but you never know when it will grow into something much worse.

Surgeons at Night Vale General Hospital are noting an uptick in dermatological growths related to sun exposure. Doctors describe these growths as "15-inch spiraled horns."

The horns mostly protrude from the lower back or knees. Unchecked, these horns can develop a glistening shine, small leather saddles, and bright red lips on the very tip.

So check your skin at least once a week in the mirror. Dermatologists recommend a three-step process.

Search meticulously for 15-inch horns protruding from your body. Don't overlook anything.
If you find any suspicious growths, mark them with a chalk pentagon.
Gently remove the affected skin area with a sterilized razor blade, or similarly clean crafting blade.
If you are not one of the 53% of our community that was born without pain-sensing nerves, you should first consult your primary care electrolysist for tips on how to numb yourself to the nigh-unbearable pain of existence.

The Department of Public Safety announced that all street signs in Night Vale will be replaced with Traffic Cops wielding semaphore flags. Drivers will be required to learn this physically expressive maritime alphabet.

This decision is not without its controversy, as the existing street signs are entirely in braille. One critic, Paul Birmingham, says removing these signs will deflate the Earth.

As a member of the Air-Filled Earth Society, Paul believes that Earth is a precariously-inflated orb that could pop or sag at any moment.

"We've gotta stop teaching all this religious propaganda in our schools and start teaching real science," Paul shouted from his lean-to behind the library.

I have to admit, listeners, he makes a valid point.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Today's program is brought to you by Audible.com, your online source for recorded books.

There are thousands of great titles at Audible.com that you can download to your computer, or portable device, and listen to on the go.

I use Audible to catch up on best-selling titles like "The Help" and "Van Gogh Notes for Technical Communication 11\e." I'm on their website right now, and I'm typing in a search for "Dog Park," because I was thinking about this town's beautiful new fixture, and how I will never, ever take my dog there.

Let's see what Audible comes up with.

Huh. It's a flashing black-and-red screen that says "THOUGHT CRIME" in all-caps.

And below that, a little animation of two digging workers: "Under Construction."

That's adorable!

So check out Audible.com. New Audible members can get one free audio book just by smudging their computer monitors with baby's blood and humming the Spanish translation of "The Battle Hymn of the Republic."

Audible.com: "You can't burn what you can't even touch."

Update on the Pyramid situation. Flaky-Os Board of Directors are vehemently denying — some of them at gunpoint — that they have any part in the Pyramid that is stubbornly continuing to exist in our town.

They are sneaky ones! I hope the new line of cereal turns out to be worth the hype. Meanwhile, the Pyramid itself has altered its broadcast, sending out a second message, which is as follows:

"Everything you do matters except your life. Death will be the last action you undertake. I do not live, but I exist. What is my purpose? I will not tell you. One day you will discover your purpose, and then you will tell no one. And then you will die."

Now, I'm not too good at this 'viral marketing' thing, so I can't see all the codes and hidden web addresses that I'm sure are all through that message. I'll leave that to all the dedicated amateurs out there in the listening world.

Sheriff's Secret Police are now attempting to charge the Pyramid with resisting arrest, on the grounds that they couldn't figure out how to arrest it. More as the story develops.

In the meantime, let's go to the weather.

["Last Song" by Jason Webley]

Well, listeners, it seems the Pyramid has disappeared — as mysteriously and suddenly as it arrived. Too late, I'm afraid, for the Flaky-Os Board of Directors, who have all been taken to the Abandoned Mine Shaft outside of town for processing by the City Council.

The Sheriff's Secret Police are declaring victory in their standoff against the Pyramid...because, they say, it's about time they won something.

Meanwhile, the Pyramid has left behind a much tinier Pyramid, a mere souvenir of its looming, inscrutable mass. This tiny Pyramid is broadcasting one final message — a farewell from the geometric shape that stole our hearts.

So let us wrap up our show today with its words:

"Somewhere there is a map. And on that map is Earth. And attached to Earth is an arrow that says your name and lists your lifespan. Some of you die standing, others sitting. Many of you die in cars. I can never die. It is difficult for me to understand the concept that I am attempting to convey. I cannot show you this vision, but you may imagine it. Step forward and tell someone of it, please."

You heard it here, folks. Tell people. Tell people about Flaky-Os new line of cereals for nighttime only. Do it in memory of its Board of Directors.

Stay tuned now for an hour of dead air with the occasional hiss and crackle.

Speaking of the nighttime, I truly hope you have a good one, Night Vale.

Goodnight.

10) Feral Dogs  (1 November 2012)



Regret nothing, until it is too late. Then regret everything.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Our top story today:

A roving pack of feral dogs has been terrorizing Night Vale for the past several hours. The dogs have been described as mostly mutts, possibly pit bull mixes. Witnesses say their apparent leader is the three-headed one wearing dozens of decorative service medals and chevrons.

Sheriff's Secret Police confirmed that the dog pack has already attacked a group of elementary school children this morning, around eight, as they were getting on the bus. Injuries were minor, as the children protected themselves ably with their school-issued nerve gas canisters and automatic pistols.

The dogs' motives are not yet known, although authorities believe it could be meth and/or gang related. More on this story as it develops.

This Friday afternoon, the Parks Department will be spraying pesticide in all public park areas, and in neighborhoods with dense foliage and predominantly Irish heritage.

Night Vale is making a strong effort to reduce the mosquito population, and the dangerous diseases that they carry. Last year, mosquitoes were responsible for outbreaks of West Nile, influenza, panache, elephantitis, and Fanny Brice Approximation Syndrome.

Please stay indoors from 1:00 PM Friday until 10:00 PM Saturday to avoid dermal contact with the pesticide — which has been known to cause skin abrasions, epilepsy, super epilepsy, and organ inversion. The Parks Department also notes that the pesticide has a half-life of 2,100 years, which means we'll be safe from those annoying mosquitoes for a long time.

We just received word from Wayne Tyler, Assistant Shift Manager at the new Pinkberry, that the pack of feral dogs was seen this morning rooting around in the dumpsters behind the library. They made off with some discarded Chinese take-out containers, a rusty futon frame, and two homeless men — likely to become henchpeople to the wild dogs. If you are near the library, be warned that these dogs are dangerous.

Also, be warned that penalties for overdue books have skyrocketed to fifty cents per day and, after thirty days, jaw mutilation.

The Night Vale Medical Board has issued a new study indicating that you have a spider somewhere on your body at all times, but especially now. The study said that further research would be needed to determine exactly where on your body the spider is, and what its intentions are. Only that it is definitely there, and that it is statistically likely to be one of the really ugly ones.

Let's go now to Community Health Tips.

Listeners: Are you suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome? Are you enjoying carpal tunnel syndrome? Are you surprised by carpal tunnel syndrome? Are you enraged by carpal tunnel syndrome? Do you feel a throbbing sadness that you almost cannot stand from carpal tunnel syndrome? Do you feel a bounty of love and appreciation for your fellow human beings traveling through this confusing and finite lifetime with you from carpal tunnel syndrome? Do you get sexually aroused by carpal tunnel syndrome? That would be weird.

Not to be judgmental, but...it would be weird.

This has been Community Health Tips.

Listeners, we've just learned that the drawbridge construction site has been hit by graffiti vandals. The sheriff's Secret Police suspect the feral dog pack to be responsible for the giant spray-painted lettering along the bridge scaffolding that reads:

GOLD STANDARD IS OUR STANDARD

and

READ YOUR CONSTITUTION

There was also a very elaborately painted portrait of Alexander Hamilton wearing Groucho Marx nose glasses, with a caption that reads:

FEDERALIST PAPERS

...but where FEDERALIST is crossed out, and TOILET is written in red.

Actually, you should see this. It's truly stunning. All that with spray paint — I'm impressed! These guys are really good artists!

Nevertheless, these dogs are possibly armed, and possibly rabid. They are definitely Libertarian street artists, and that has police and city officials working double-time to solve this problem.

If you have any tips that could lead to the capture of this roving band of dogs, please, keep them to yourself.

We've also received word that they have tapped your phone and computers, so best not leave the house or talk loudly.

Let's have a look at the Community Calendar.

This Sunday afternoon, the Night Vale Fire Department will be holding its Bi-Weekly Fire Person Appreciation Parade. All of the town's firefighters will be riding through Main Street on their bright red engines, which will be turned into floats depicting some of the greatest fires in Night Vale's history.

One of my personal favorites is the 1983 Earthquake Dust Fire, when tremor-initiated fires became so intense that the airborne sand burst into deadly flames. Nearly the entire city population was lost, and the FDNV does a fantastic job capturing the drama with streamers and paper mache.

The Fire Department would like to remind Night Vale citizens that the parade is free, and to check your coffee makers and gas stoves before you leave home, because they will not fight any fires while the parade is happening.

On Monday, the staff of Dark Owl Records will be wearing sweater vests.

Tuesday night is the Boy Scouts' Court of Honor. The BSA will name its first-ever Blood-Pact Scouts — the rank just above Eagle Scout. So far, no scout has attained the coveted position of Eternal Scout, but we have heard that two local boys, Franklin Wilson and Barton Donovan, have earned the Invisibility Badge, which is a prerequisite for the rank. Well done, Frank and Barty.

Wednesday afternoon is the City-Wide Fitness Fair at the Rec Center. Last year's event was cancelled, as it was held on the same day and at the same time as the Fried Chicken and Cigarette Fair.

This year's event, however, promises to be a huge success, as they have secured a large corporate sponsorship from The Intelligence Group International — who will provide free prostate screenings, mammograms, and surgically-embedded government monitoring devices.

Thursday morning, the National Weather Service and National Security Agency have scheduled a giant sandstorm.

Friday is an oasis. Only a metaphor for something unattainable. A haunting dream of meaning for our lives, but don't look! Turn your head. Your life is here. Stay here. You are alone. You are so peacefully alone. That's it. Yes. Goooood.

We've contacted the Night Vale Zoo, hoping to find out more information on how dogs behave in packs. Perhaps these skilled animal experts could give us some insight into how to catch these dogs, or at least understand them.

Night Vale Zoo Director Emily Munton told us that all animals prefer tiny cages and scheduled food pellet consumption, and that it didn't make sense that any animals would want to wander freely about town. She added a high-pitched roar, followed by a watery gurgling sound, and then our conversation was ended by repeated, cloudless thunderclaps.

A reminder to anyone looking for fun on a budget today in Night Vale: it's free admission day at the Night Vale Museum of Forbidden Technologies.

As always, the museum features many fascinating permanent exhibits, including the cheap, pollution-free source of energy created by Nikola Tesla, multiple time machines (some of them not yet invented), and pocket calculators (which were outlawed by the City Council 22 years ago for undisclosed reasons).

Along with that, there is a temporary exhibit demonstrating the many exciting and extremely dangerous uses for lasers.

Be sure to splurge on the guidebook at the Museum Store, as the exhibits themselves are entirely shrouded with thick burlap at all times, and all explanatory plaques have been blacked out with permanent marker.

The Museum of Forbidden Technologies. If you don't know about it, we may or may not have it!

And now a word from our sponsor:

You come home. The lights are off. You get an uneasy feeling. Suddenly, the phone rings. You remember that you do not have a phone. It rings some more.

You do not know what to do. Then you remember that, yes, you do own a phone. Why wouldn't you own a phone? Everyone owns a phone!

The phone is still ringing. Ha ha ha ha ha! How silly to think you didn't own a phone. It rings again. You smile, and shrug, and answer the ringing phone. It is still dark.

"Hello?" you say.

"They are waiting for you," a whispery, gender-indeterminate voice tells you. "It is your time," it says.

You turn on the light. You laugh again, wondering why it took you so long to turn on the light. "Gosh, it was dark!" you think.

"Hello?" the voice asks.

You hang up, glad you remembered to buy Tropicana Orange Juice, at least.

Tropicana Pure Premium Orange Juice is made from the freshest oranges, with no added flavors or preservatives.

Also, you should get caller ID! It's the 21st century; how do you not have caller ID? Really.

Tropicana.

This just in: two more schoolchildren were attacked by the wild dogs this morning near the playground at Night Vale Elementary School. One of the boys was taken to Night Vale General with treatable leg injuries.

The other boy, we understand, was unharmed, because he was a better boy, and more loved by the Angels.

We've also received confirmation that a handful of mangy curs broke into the Senior Center, stole their televisions, and made the internet stop working.

This has gotten out of hand, ladies and gentlemen. We simply cannot live in fear for our safety because of wild dogs. Allow me a brief editorial here, if you would:

First off, please, have your pets fixed. It's an inexpensive and quick process. You can take your dog or cat to the Night Vale SPCA, to your local veterinarian, or to Big Rico's Pizza. Rico studies taxidermy as a hobby, so he's happy to help out in whatever way he can.

Second, many of these dog packs are formed by dogs that are not raised to be loved, but bred to fight. Trainers are teaching these dogs everything from jujitsu to kickboxing to knife work. This is simply unacceptable. Dog fighting is illegal, cruel to animals, and a danger to society when these dogs are untethered.

But we are a strong, united community here in Night Vale. We must stand up to violence!

Our town was founded by peace-loving imperialist conquerors who, to escape taxation, overwhelmed a potentially violent race of indigenous people and founded this beautiful city on principles of family, fortitude, fence-building, and friendly propaganda.

Let's not forget our long-standing town motto: "We have nothing to fear except ourselves. We are unholy, awful people. Fear ourselves with silence. Look down, Night Vale; look down, and forget what you've done!"

That is the motto of a determined, unified community.

And now, the weather!

["i Know This:" by Rachel Kann]

Ladies and gentlemen, good news! Mayor Pamela Winchell called a press conference moments ago, declaring an end to our dog pack terror.

The mayor announced that the dogs were not actually dogs, just some plastic bags caught in the breeze that people mistook for wild dogs.

"There are no wild dogs in Night Vale," she said. "And if there were, they'd be sweet little dogs with big, meaningless eyes and tongues like flypaper!"

The plastic bags, meanwhile, have been safely returned to the Dog Park from whence they came, and which is to remain unknowable and unremembered.

Journalists asked about the injuries and aftermath of this morning's dog pack related crimes; the mayor responded with a hollow stare. She promptly shook the podium off its base and whispered through gritted teeth, "Plastic bags. Plastic bags."

The Sheriff's Secret Police then ethically kettled the pool of reporters, gently coercing them with pepper spray. Most were taken away peacefully in handcuffs and black hoods.

Thank goodness it was all a misunderstanding!

Dear listeners, I don't want to say I told you so, but wasn't I right when I said we were a determined, resilient little town? In the face of wild beasts, we did not crumble, we did not back down. We stood eye to eye with violence, and it blinked first. Stand proud, Night Vale!

Be afraid on the inside, of course — you are, after all, your own downfall — but stand proud against those predators that would harm your family.

And, that is our show! Thank you for listening, listeners!

Stay tuned next for the popular advice program Dr. Brandon. This week, Dr. Brandon offers a step-by-step on how to remove your own appendix without surgery.

The sky tonight is a soft, quivering green. The wind is calm, but prepared. Get your sleep, Night Vale, and don't forget to dream.

Goodnight.

11) Wheat and Wheat By-Products (14 November 2012)

Today's air quality is mauve and speckled.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Representatives from the greater medical insurance community announced this week that major insurance providers would no longer cover government-disseminated illnesses. These ailments were created to control undesirable populations and include: AIDS, most cancers, irritable bowel syndrome, telekinesis, tingling, and any kind of food allergy.

Doctors advise that the best way to avoid acquiring any of these conditions is to limit questionable public activities. Try not to be in a lower economic class, and give regularly to an approved religious organization. Take these precautions and you should live a healthy, or at least medically-insured, life.

In other health news, the Night Vale Council for Commerce reminds you to regularly consume wheat and wheat by-products. By doing so, you are directly supporting the local Night Vale farmer, as well as the local Night Vale commodities conglomerates.

Looking for a snack? Try wheat, or a wheat by-product. Dinner? Wheat and/or its by-product. Trying to patch a leaky roof? We have just the thing for you, and we also have its by-products.

Wheat and wheat by-products. By Americans, for Americans, in Americans, watching Americans.

New information on the Apache Tracker, who you might remember as that white guy who wears the cartoonishly inaccurate and offensive Indian headdress, and who disappeared some weeks ago after investigating the strange occurrences at the Night Vale Post Office.

Well, word is in that he has reappeared, except it now seems he is actually Native American. Witnesses say his features are still recognizable, but during the disappearance he has transformed into that which he always absurdly claimed to be.

More explanation, of course, is needed — but the Apache Tracker is also now only able to speak Russian, and I did not bother to get his statement translated.

Apparently, he has been taking to leaning on the hood of an old Honda Accord in the parking lot of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, shaking his head slowly and checking his watch.

Does his complete racial transformation make his previous actions less offensive, listeners? Write us a letter telling us what you think, and then put it away in a drawer for ten years. Reading it again, you'll get a little pang of nostalgia for the person you used to be, once upon a time.

The City Council today issued a strong warning against the manufacture and sale of discount bloodstones. They say that these bloodstones of inferior design and construction have the potential to cause major accidents in even common day-to-day chanting rituals. These accidents have included, in just the past few months: locust swarms, pus tornadoes, and the creation and subsequent obliteration of a mirror version of Night Vale, forcing all of us to watch our identical counterparts perish — and thus confront the inevitability of our own futures.

Anyone caught selling these bloodstones will be put into the Dark Box, pending erasure from recorded history. The lesser charge of buying or possessing them will be met with mere summary execution.

Critics charge that the City Council is lying about all of this, due to the fact that the Council owns the only certified bloodstone factory in town. But, the Council has vehemently denied this charge by gibbering, howling, and knocking over microphones.

.....

Oh, dear. I apologize, listeners. We at Night Vale Community Radio are experiencing the following technical problems: the need for air, eye movement, and gooey stuff inside. Please, stand by.

.....

Thank you. These problems have been corrected.

An update on our previous message about wheat and wheat by-products. You should not eat wheat or wheat by-products, say several frantic scientists, waving clipboards in our studio.

As it turns out all wheat and wheat by-products, for unknown reasons, have turned into venomous snakes, which are crawling all over our small city, causing even more chaos than is normal. These snakes have been described as terrifying, loathsome, and "probably from the bowels of hell itself!" — also, green and three feet long.

If you have any wheat or wheat by-products in your home, you are almost certainly already dead.

Sorry about that.

Property taxes are going up again, Night Vale. Several citizens are justifiably upset over this latest increase, but municipal services do, after all, cost money. Schools, public transportation, parks and recreation facilities, and of course, the multi-billion dollar pulsar development facility.

Speaking of which, scientists say that they are on the verge of developing the first ever human-made neutron star. Usually the aftermath of a supernova, this pulsar would be roughly four miles in diameter, but with a nearly incomprehensible density that makes it about half the mass of our own sun.

And to think, this rapidly rotating sphere of radioactive matter will be right here under the sands of Night Vale, producing enough energy to power the earth for billions of years.

The City of Night Vale plans to use the pulsar to light the high school football stadium, which still uses whale oil lamps.

John Peters — you know, the farmer — is particularly upset...not only about the pulsar development, but also about the higher taxes. As owner of more than 150 acres, John will certainly have to pay a large share.

And given that John is a peach farmer in a desert, he hasn't actually raised a successful crop ever. His only income is his half a million dollar annual subsidy for imaginary corn, which has been one of Night Vale's greatest exports. People come from all over — even Desert Bluffs, unfortunately — to buy his imaginary corn. I like to butter up a piece of bread and then rub the imaginary corn along it, and then sprinkle it with a little bit of salt and cayenne. Boy, is that a delicious and low-carcinogen summer treat!

But even our town heroes like John Peters — you know, the farmer — have to pay their fair share. No citizen is above paying taxes.

Well, except Marcus Vanston, but that's understandable because he's so wealthy. When you're worth as much as Marcus Vanston, you have proved your value to society through hard work and determination, and are no longer required to show anyone any further proof that you care about anything or anybody else, because you obviously do. Look at all your money!

According to some, Marcus is worth over five billion dollars, and that's five billion reasons Marcus is our town's greatest citizen.

Further updates on wheat and wheat by-products:

The good news is that they are no longer poisonous serpents. The bad news is that they have transformed into a particularly evil and destructive form of spirit.

Please, be aware that wheat and wheat by-products are now malevolent and violent supernatural forces, capable of physically moving objects up to 200 pounds and entering human souls of up to Soul Strength Four.

The frantic scientists, who are now hopping up and down just outside my recording booth, indicating various charts and figures, recommend creating a simple lean-to out of animal bones and mud, such as you might have made and played in as a child, and hiding there until the spiritual forces of wheat and wheat by-products have passed.

A reminder to all Night Vale citizens that the annual Sorrow Songs Sing-Along is this Thursday. There will be a potluck lunch, and the softball team will be selling refreshments to fund things that each of them individually want to buy for themselves.

Anyone who has their own Sorrow Song they'd like to add to our communal vocal malaise should submit it to City Hall by Tuesday, at the latest.

Remember that low moans and minor-key chants do not count.

The composer of the best Sorrow Song, as indicated by our audience participatory Weep-O-Meter, will be ritualistically drowned in a pool of our own townspeople's tears. Good luck!

Listeners, the City Council, for national security reasons, have replaced the following report with the sound of a burbling brook, followed by the sound of a running blender.

Friends, listeners, there's a...
[Sound of a burbling brook]
[Sound of a running blender]
...what it does.

City Comptroller Waynetta Barnett received a $1.5 billion check from the federal government this week. The check was to support rebuilding efforts from this past week's massive earthquake, reaching 9.7 on the Richter scale, the epicenter of which was directly below Night Vale.

Of course, we experienced absolutely no damage to the town, and nobody reported feeling any effects at all from this enormous seismological event.

Comptroller Barnett says that she suspects that FEMA just saw the meter reading, declared this a disaster area, and sent a check. She doesn't think they have any interest in visiting Night Vale, so we can probably just spend the money however we want.

Barnett added that those new Mini Cooper sedans are really cute, and wanted us all to look at their website.

We asked Carlos about our inability to experience tectonic shifts. Carlos, lovely Carlos, had previously recorded other massive tremor activity underneath our city.

His response was a few seconds of stammering followed by a sigh and slow head shake. His eyes were distant — distracted, yet beautiful.

I asked him where he got his shirt. It fit him so well. He said he would look at his notes and computer models and see if he could figure out what was going on.

I don't know if he listens to me sometimes.

Ladies and gentlemen, I take you from an unreal disaster to an un-unreal one.

It is my sad duty now to announce that the City Council is officially putting Night Vale under an emergency state, due to the ongoing and life-threatening wheat and wheat by-products situation. The Council states that anyone who has come into contact with wheat and wheat by-products, and has by some happy miracle survived, should consider themselves infected and proceed to the usual quarantine area, just behind the playground in Mission Grove Park — there to spend the rest of their days in quiet contemplation and weaving.

Everyone else should head immediately to the Wheat and Wheat By-Products Shelter that has been sitting unused for decades under the public library.

When asked why a Wheat and Wheat By-Products Shelter already existed, the City Council answered, simply, "Prophecy."

May you all be safe. May you all be well. May you be strong and flexible with ruddy cheeks and legs like tree trunks.

And now, the weather.

["Cigarette Burns Forever" by Adam Green]

News from Old Woman Josie, out near the Car Lot. She reports that the Angels have gathered in a circle in her living room, blocking her view of the television. They are shoulder-to-shoulder, facing each other, radiant with holy light.

"The Bowling Alley," they are chanting. "The Bowling Alley."

She says that a repeat of The West Wing she had really hoped to watch is on, and she is quite annoyed by her usually considerate Angelic house guests.

More on this story, maybe...if there ever is more.

And finally, some good news. All wheat and wheat by-products have mysteriously vanished from Night Vale, and the City Council promises that they will be gone forever. This scourge, this siege upon us, this salvo of food-based warfare is finally over. Nevermore will be we threatened in our homes by this enemy or its by-products.

We also will never eat bread again, and that's a pretty big bummer.

But this is the balance that must be made between what we desire and what we fear, between pain and pleasure, between wheat, dear listeners, and its by-products.

Many of you are huddled now and forever in the quarantine behind the playground in Mission Grove Park. For this community-minded sacrifice, we thank you.

I know you were forced there by martial law, but still, you should be commended for your brave action. Terminal quarantine might seem scary now, but I understand they have a well-stocked supply of canned lentils and the Silver Screen Edition of Trivial Pursuit.

And of course, you have the radio. I hope you will let my dulcet voice and our humble community station into your ears and hearts until your final wheat-loving breath.

Dear listeners, stay tuned next for a live broadcast of a man, locked in a recording booth, silently staring at the microphone with intense suspicion.

And as always, since always, and for always, good night, Night Vale.

Good night.

12) The Candidate (1 December 2012)

The policeman in that intersection is not directing traffic. He's coding an urgent message to all of us.

Welcome to Night Vale.

First, the news.

Old Town Night Vale residents are complaining about extremely noisy sunsets. Several agitated citizens are pushing for the City Council to do something about the solar shrieking every evening for the past few weeks.

One homeowner described the sound as "the parched cries of sad buzzards, or perhaps even the unholy voice of Old Scratch himself."

The City Council, speaking in unison at a televised press conference, said that the noise is just the windmill farms that litter the unfortunate wastelands of Desert Bluffs, and that the noises do not fall under Night Vale jurisdiction.

Walton Kincaid, president of the community group Soundproof Old Town, said that the windmills can't possibly be the source of the noise, as they are non-existent and also don't work, because of Desert Bluffs' staggering incompetence. The City Council called a second press conference, wherein they all wordlessly stared down Kincaid for fourteen uninterrupted minutes. Their dark eyes tore holes straight through the community spokesman (metaphorically speaking), until his soul was compacted into what looked like a partially chewed black-eyed pea (literally).

To date, only Old Town residents have reported hearing these inconceivable noises every evening as the sun crosses the indifferent horizon.

And the noises seem to be taking their toll; there have been two heart attacks, twelve cases of significant muscular atrophy, and at least two dozen claims of folks growing third eyes — including Kincaid himself, who had an arachnid-like eight eyes when he spoke before City Council yesterday morning.

No other neighborhood can hear the sounds.

I spoke to Simone Rigadeau in the Earth Sciences building at Night Vale Community College about this scientifically fascinating story, and she called it a simple case of celestial just desserts.

Full disclosure, listeners: Rigadeau does not work in Earth Sciences. She is a transient living in the recycling closet of the Earth Sciences building, and she collects cans as pets.

There is another hearing scheduled at 4:00 AM tomorrow, on the highest ledge overlooking Skeleton Gorge, which can only be accessed by government helicopters. All previous endeavors to scale the cliff-side by rock-climbing enthusiasts have failed in extravagantly gory fashion.

The Council issued a statement wishing Kincaid luck in attending this mandatory meeting.

Breaking news: we've received confirmation from the Sheriff's Secret Police that fugitive Hiram McDaniels was finally apprehended. McDaniels has been on the lam since August. He was wanted on several counts of insurance fraud, falsifying identification papers, evading arrest, and assaulting a police vehicle with fire.

McDaniels was spotted near his Earl Road apartment early Saturday morning by several alert neighbors. The neighbors said they were able to identify McDaniels because he matched police sketches of an 18 foot tall five-headed dragon that had been posted across Night Vale. Fingerprints later confirmed that McDaniels was definitely a dragon.

Secret Police are still unsure of McDaniels' motives for returning home. And, well, listeners, our station intern Stacy just handed me a photo of Hiram McDaniels. He's a very dynamic-looking dragon. The raw power. The intensity in those five faces, those many sets of piercing blue and red and black and green and yellow eyes. I can certainly see how he charmed his way out of an arrest. He must never get tickets.

What a guy!

An unsigned press release I found under my pillow this morning announces the following:

"There is a free party this Friday at the Abandoned Missile Silo outside of town. The purpose of this party is to celebrate! There will be no sign, or music, but the party is inside the silo. This party takes place at 3:00 AM and will be over at 3:05. It will be dark, both inside and outside the silo. Grope blindly towards happiness. Keep your mouth open and your teeth together to indicate you are at a party. You will hear noises, and later, you will not. This party will feature special guest Bon Jovi, although he does not yet know it. See you there!"

An interesting note on Hiram McDaniels: intern Stacy tells me that she's been googling the roguish dragon. Did you know that he has a blog? He's a really smart fellow, some really groundbreaking ideas. Here's one post from last week:

"If I were mayor of Night Vale, I would give incentives for small business development, and focus on youth physical fitness programs. Human youth are the human future, after all."

Well, it seems a certain multi-headed fugitive wants to become mayor of Night Vale. You have my vote, Hiram!

Thursday night, the City Council is voting on a new measure that would prohibit breathing as an involuntary muscular action. Historically, the human body has been able to control breathing without the brain needing to consciously activate the diaphragm. Under the new rule, all residents of Night Vale would be required to make the physical choice of whether or not — and when — to breathe.

The City Council said that we have too long taken the receipt of oxygen for granted, and that the sense of entitlement must cease. If the vote passes, residents will have until March 1st of next year to learn to control these involuntary muscle groups during lucid sleep.

Detractors say that it is our constitutional right to breathe how we want, and that it is not the government's job to legislate breathing. The Council responded by waving a brick in the air at reporters and shouting "We learned to beat our own hearts! We taught ourselves to wet our own corneas! We have pulled ourselves up from nothing! It is the American dream."

Then, they took a deep breath all together, lowered the brick, broke it into pieces, and devoured it.

And now a word from our sponsor.

We all want to live forever, right?

Wrong.

Think about watching your family die as you selfishly carry on, your children ageing and passing, your grandchildren, and so on. Think of all the friends you'll make, but eventually lose.

You don't want that! No!

You know the earth is eventually going to be swallowed by the sun, right? And one day, you would be present for this greatest of all apocalypses. As fascinating as this would be, scientifically speaking, this excitement would fade as the pain of thousand-degree flames engulfed your tender body, and your aged mind would be so alone in this interminable torture.

Does this sound like something you want? We didn't think so.

Immortality is stupid. Think before you wish.

This message brought to you by Direct TV.

Dear listeners, right after we reported on Hiram McDaniels' interest in becoming Night Vale mayor, the dirty campaign tactics came into play — stirring up bad feelings, and slinging the old municipal mud. Incumbent Mayor Pamela Winchell issued a statement citing township bylaws that prohibit prisoners from running for public office.

Now, isn't it just like a career politician, such as Mayor Winchell, to make such unethical, ad hominem attacks on a great reptilian beast, simply because he is in jail? It sounds to me like the mayor is feeling McDaniels breathing down her neck! Breathing dragon fire, that is.

Give 'em hell, Hiram!

The following is a test of the Emergency Dream Broadcast System. In the event of an actual emergency, you would just now be experiencing a dream in which you were in the neighborhood where you grew up, only all the houses are now black, featureless cylinders. Just row after row of these blank dark cylinders, stretching out around you. You are home...but you are also somewhere from whence you will never find home again.

There is someone waiting for you at the end of the longest street. You know that, although you do not know who. You try to run down the street and it grows longer and longer. You pass by one cylinder in particular and know that it's your house. You stop running. You approach the blank face of the cylinder, its surface seeming to devour light and sound. You reach out and you are inches from touching it. Just then you hear a ding. You look up to see words in the sky.

POSSIBLE FLASH FLOODS, they say. ALERT VALID UNTIL 3:00 PM.

Once again, this has been a test of the Emergency Dream Broadcast System.

The Night Vale Mall is having to deal with angry calls from parents, after the Santa they hired for Christmas photos was once again a no-show. Mall public relations officials said that the missing Santa is actually a performance art piece, meant to show people how our capitalist idols are truly nonexistent, ghosts of materialistic ideas that we have embraced as replacements for true spiritual meaning. A long line of upset parents and crying children stretched from Santa's empty chair to just past the Hollister.

The mall PR officials added that they have a really cool idea for Valentine's Day. They're thinking, like, moving pictures of actual beating hearts projected onto a large teddy bear? Which has been stretched open like a vivisected frog from seventh grade life science?

Officials added, "It's going to be monstrous and beautiful. You don't even know what art really is. You don't even know yourself."

They concluded by chanting and pumping their arms in unison, like a lower, Paleolithic version of the YMCA dance.

And now...the weather.

["Of a Friday Night" by Anais Mitchell (incorrectly listed in the credits as "The Brightness," which is the name of the album on which the song appears)]

During the break, I received a message from Mayor Winchell's office responding to our previous reports.

According to the mayor, mayoral elections aren't for another three years, and Hiram McDaniels is ineligible to run — not only because of his jail stay, but also because he is neither a Night Vale resident, nor a human being. There is, she says, no precedent for a five-headed dragon as elected official.

Mayor Winchell also pointed out that writing the throwaway phrase "If I were mayor of Night Vale" on a blog is not an official declaration of candidacy.

"There is paperwork!" Mayor Winchell shouted into my voicemail. "You can't just...argh!" she continued, trailing off slightly at the end.

What followed was about ninety-five seconds of loud stomping, and what sounded like wood chopping in the distance, before the message finally ended.

Allow me a retort, dear listeners, with this brief editorial:

With all due respect, Madame Mayor, have we not had enough dragon-bashing? Our great country once held to some terrible old customs, but we grew up. We learned. We abolished slavery. Women won the right to vote. Ghosts can now marry (but of course, not have children — I mean, that would be a real slippery slope).

And our own little burg is on the verge of becoming the first city in this great nation to legalize time travel. So let's loosen our collars! Let's march into the reptilian future, not cling to the narrow past. Just because a dragon is a dragon, and has five heads, doesn't mean he can't lead our community.

Sure, critics will say, "Oh! But Cecil! What if his five heads don't agree on something? What if one's like, 'Yeah, let's build this school!' But another's like, 'No more schools!'  And the others are drunk or sleepy or something? How can we agree to elect five heads that can't agree with themselves?"

To this, I say shame on you for your negative stereotypes of multi-headed beings. Free your mind! The rest, as our official town song says, will follow.

The song also says, "Lap deeply of the scarlet mud, after the blood rains of the apocalypse," but I don't think that quite applies here.

So with this, I am proud to offer my endorsement of Hiram McDaniels for Mayor of Night Vale. Sure, the election isn't for three years, but it's never too early to effect change. And in that time, we will rally. We will petition to get what we want. And soon, a great leader will rise. Lead us to that future, Hiram!

Ah, but that is later. Now, it is dark. It is quiet. Just you and me, dear listener. Just my voice, traveling from this microphone, traveling silent and immediate across sleepy homes and lost souls to your ears.

You curl under a blanket, protecting your body from the world — excepting a few clever spiders — and you are listening, hearing me.

Sleep heavily and know that I am here with you now. The past is gone, and cannot harm you anymore. And while the future is fast coming for you, it always flinches first, and settles in as the gentle present. This now, this us, we can cope with that. We can do this together, you and I. Drowsily, but comfortably.

Stay tuned now for our two-hour special, Car Alarms and Their Variations, brought to you commercial-free by Canada Dry.

Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

13) A Story About You (15 December 2012)

"This is a story about you," said the man on the radio. And you were pleased, because you always wanted to hear about yourself on the radio.

Welcome to Night Vale.

This is a story about you.

You live in a trailer, out near the Car Lot, next to Old Woman Josie's house. Occasionally, she'll wave at you on her way out to get the mail or more snacks for the Angels. Occasionally, you'll wave back.

You're not a terrible neighbor, as far as it goes.

At night, you can see the red light blinking on and off on top of the radio tower. A tiny flurry of human activity against the impeccable backdrop of stars and void. You'll sit out on the steps of your trailer, with your back to the brightness of the Car Lot, watching the radio tower for hours. But only sometimes. Mostly, you do other things.

This story is about you.

You didn't always live in Night Vale. You lived somewhere else, where there were more trees, more water. You wrote direct mail campaigns for companies, selling their products. "Dear resident," you wrote often. "Finally, some good news in this dreary world! At last, a reason not to kill yourself!" Then you would delete that and write something else, and it would be sent out, and it would not be read by anyone.

You had a friend, and then a girlfriend, and then a fiancée — the same person. She cooked dinner sometimes, but sometimes you cooked.

You often touched.

One day you were walking from the glass box of your office to your old Ford Probe, and a vision came to you. You saw above you a planet, of awesome size, lit by no sun. An invisible titan, all thick black forests and jagged mountains and deep turbulent oceans.

It was so far away.

So desolate. And so impossibly, terrifyingly dark. And that day, you did not go home. You drove instead. You drove a long time, and eventually you ended up in Night Vale, and you stopped driving.

You have been haunted ever since by how easy it was to walk away from your life, and how few the repercussions were. You never heard from your fiancée or your job again. They never looked for you, which doesn't seem likely, or maybe it's that in Night Vale, you cannot be found.

The complete freedom.

The lack of consequence.

It terrifies you.

You have a new job now. Every day except Sunday you drive out into the Sand Wastes, and there you find two trucks. You move wooden crates from one truck to another while a man in a suit silently watches. It is a different man each time. Sometimes the crates tick. Mostly, they do not. When you are done, the man in the suit hands you an amount of cash, also different each time, and you go home.

It is the best job you've ever had.

Except, today...it was different.

You moved the crates. The man in the suit, a stranger, watched. But then, as had never happened before, the man in the suit received a phone call. He walked off at some distance to take it. "Yes, sir!" he said, and "No, sir!" Also he made hawk shrieking sounds. It wasn't terribly interesting.

You moved crates.

But then, an impulse...an awful impulse came over you, and for no other reason than that you are trapped by the freedom to do anything in this life, you took one of the crates, and put it in your trunk.

By the time the man came back from his phone call, you were done with your job. He gave you the money (it was nearly five hundred dollars today, the second highest it had ever been), and you drove home with the crate in your trunk.

When you got home, you took the crate into your trailer and left it in the kitchen. The crate did not make a ticking sound. It made no sound at all. Nothing made a sound except you, breathing in and breathing out.

You cooked dinner (you always cooked dinner), the red light on the tower blinked on and off in your peripheral vision, a message that was there and then wasn't, and that you could never quite read.

You wondered how long it would take them to miss the crate. You did not wonder who 'they' were. Some mysteries aren't questions to be answered, but just the kind of opaque fact — a thing which exists to be not known.

Which brings us to now. To this story.

This story about you.

You are listening to the radio.

The announcer is talking about you.

And then you hear something else, a guttural howl out of the desert distance, and you know that the crate's absence has been discovered.

The crate — well, it sits, That's all. On the kitchen floor. That's all.

It's warm, warmer than the air around it. It smells sharp and earthy, like freshly ground cinnamon. And when you put your ear against the rough warm wood, you hear a soft humming — an indistinct melody.

It does not appear to be difficult to open. All you would need to do is remove a few nails.

You do not open it.

You decide, instead, to go to the Moonlite All-Nite Diner, and have a slice of pie.

The wind is hot, like always, and smells like honey and mud.

Night is your favorite time.

Daylight brings only a chain of visual sensations, none of which cohere into meaning for you anymore. Life has become out of focus, free of consequence. As you drive you turn off the headlights, for a moment. At that moment, you feel again, above you, not even far away now, that planet of awesome size, lit by no sun. An invisible titan, all thick black forests and jagged mountains and deep, turbulent oceans. You see nothing but the faint moonlight on your dashboard, but you know the planet is out there — yawning in the unseen spaces.

The moment passes.

You turn your headlights back on, and all you see is a road. Just asphalt. Just that.

And you pass a man waving semaphore flags indicating that the speed limit for this stretch is 45.

The Moonlite All-Nite is radiant green; a slab of mint light in the warm darkness. You squint when you see it, like it hurts your eyes, but it does not hurt your eyes. You park near the front door.

A man rolls by on the ground, his eyes bleary and sightless, whispering the word "mudwomb" over and over. But you don't have the money to tip him, so you go inside.

You order a slice of strawberry pie, and the waitress indicates through words and movements that it will be brought to you presently.

The radio speaks soothingly to you from static-y speakers set into a foam tile ceiling.

It is telling a story about you.

Your story, at last.

A man slides into the booth across from you. You recognize him vaguely, although he looks considerably different now. It is that man who appeared to be of Slavic origin, but who dressed in an absurd caricature of an Indian chief and called himself the Apache Tracker. Except now, it's difficult for you to miss, he has actually transformed into a Native American.

You wonder if the pie will get there soon.

The Apache Tracker smells of potting soil and sweat. He leans across the table and touches your hand lightly.

You do not pull the hand away, because you know that there will be no consequence for any of this.

"Ты в опасности,"1 he says, "Они идут."2

You nod.

He taps the table. Then, bringing his thick eyebrows together and pursing his lips, he leans down and taps the ground.

You nod again.

"I think my pie is here now," you say unnecessarily, as the pie is quite visibly placed in front of you. You did not order invisible pie. You hate invisible pie.

He looks at the pie for a long time, and then lets his breath hiss out slowly through his nose.

"Они прибудут снизу. Пирог не поможет."3

He leaves.

What an asshole that guy is!

You finish the pie and ask for the check. "Check please," you say, whispering it into your drinking glass as is custom, and then lifting the tray of sugar packets to find it, filled out and ready to be paid. You drop a few dollars onto the check, place it back under the sugars, wait for the sound of swallowing, and leave the diner. The waitress nods as you leave, but not at you. She nods slowly and rhythmically to music only she can hear, her eyes riding the curved line of neon lights above the menu.

As you start the car, the man on the radio says something about the weather.

["You Don't Know" by Mount Moon]

The crate is in your kitchen, where you left it, and you get down on your knees to embrace it more fully. It has grown warmer — even hot.

It still is not ticking.

It had taken you no time to get back home. Now that you think about it, were there any other cars on the road? Where did all the cars go? The man with the semaphore flags explaining the speed limit — he wasn't there either.

Your heart pounds.

Without allowing another stray thought to wander through your mind and delay you, you grab the crate and throw it in your trunk. You turn the ignition, and your car radio comes alive with a pop — just as the announcer says that your car radio comes alive with a pop.

Where to now?

You don't know, but you go there anyway.

A pair of headlights, a pair of eyes, and two shaky hands, speeding through the silent town.

Behind you, you see helicopter searchlights sweeping down onto your trailer.

There are sirens.

A purplish cloud hangs over the town, glittering occasionally as it rotates.

The whole works.

You drive past the Moonlite All-Nite — still aglow and full of people slowly eating what sounds good only late at night, and Teddy Williams' Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex — which has taken to not only locking but barricading its doors at closing time. You pass by City Hall which, as always, is completely shrouded after dark in black velvet.

Moving farther out, following the pull of the distant, uncertain moon, you pass by the Car Lot (where the salesmen have been put away for the night), and Old Woman Josie's house (where the only sign that the unassuming little home could be a place of residence for Angels is the bright halo of heavenly light surrounding it, and the sign out front that says Angels' Residence).

And the town is behind you, and you are out in the Scrub Lands, and the Sand Wastes.

By the road you see a man, holding a cactus in one hand and a pair of scissors in the other. He shakes both at you as you pass, and howls.

And then, you are alone.

Just you, and the desert.

You stop the car and get out. Pebbles crunch in the sand in response to your movement. The radio murmurs behind the closed doors of the car. The headlights illuminate only a few stray plants, and the wide dumb eyes of some nocturnal animal.

Looking back, you see the bulge of light that is your Night Vale. The Purple Cloud, now floating over the heart of the city, reaches its tendrils in and out of buildings.

You hear screams, and gunfire.

You open the trunk and lay one hand on the crate. It pulses with some kind of life.

Still no ticking though.

You look back.

Several buildings are on fire. Crowds of people are floating in the air, held aloft by beams of light, and struggling feebly against power they cannot begin to understand. The ground shifts, like it was startled.

It's so quiet, when it finally comes. You see the black car long before it arrives. It comes to a halt nearby and two men step out.

You don't run. Neither do they.

"How did you find me?" you ask.

"Everything you do is being broadcast on the radio for some reason. That made it pretty easy," says one of the men, the one who isn't tall.

"Yeah," you say. "I see that now."

"You have the item?" the man who is not tall asks.

You say nothing.

The man who is not tall signals the man who is not short, and he walks past you, looks into your trunk, and nods.

"Even easier," says the man who is not tall.

There is an unexpected click. One of the rear doors of the black car has opened, and your fiancee has stepped out. Her eyes are wet, like it was the night you left. She does not appear to have aged, but then, you can't actually remember how long it has been. Could it have been last week? Or was it ten years ago?

"Why?" she says. "Why? Why?"

You don't know what to say.

The man who is not short steps up to you, puts a knife against your throat. Nobody says anything. Your fiancee shakes her head. Her eyes are empty. Broken. Gushing.

The radio is saying all of this as it happens. You hear it dimly through the car door.

You can't stop smiling.

All at once, the consequences. All at once you are no longer free. It's all coming back around.

All at once.

Life — bleary, washed-out — snaps back into focus. The red light on the tower still blinks in the distance and every message in this world has a meaning. It all makes sense and you are finally being punished.

You can't think of a time you have ever been happier.

Your fiancee abruptly gets back into the car. Neither of the men seem to notice her. One opens the crate with a couple quick taps, and pulls out of it an intricate miniature house.

The hours that must have been spent building it! Every detail is accounted for! Inside the house you think you see for a moment, lights and movement.

"Undamaged," says the man who is not tall.

You beam at him.

The knife presses harder against your throat, but it doesn't hurt. Your eyes wander up and you see above you the dark planet of awesome size perched in its sunless void, an invisible titan all thick black forests and jagged mountains and deep, turbulent oceans.

A monster.

Spinning.

Soundless.

Forgotten.

It's so close now.

You see it just above you. Maybe even if you tried very hard, you could touch it.

You reach up...

This has been your story.

The radio moves onto other things — news, traffic, political opinions, and corrections to political opinions. But there was time, one day, one single day, in which it was only one story.

A story about you.

And you were pleased, because you always wanted to hear about yourself on the radio.

Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

1  You are in danger

2  They're coming

3  They will come from below. Pie will not help.

14) The Man in the Tan Jacket (1 January 2013)

Ladies and gentlemen, surely you have noticed...there's a Man in a Tan Jacket. Countless residents have seen him, but no one can seem to remember exactly what he looks like; just that he has a tan jacket and a deerskin suitcase. And he has been spotted all over town. But no one can quite recall specifically where they saw him, or what time of day it was – just that they saw him.

Frances Donaldson — the tall woman with the green eyes who manages the antiques mall — thinks maybe the Man in the Tan Jacket is simply a shared dream. But I know that I saw him, Night Vale. I know what I saw. This man can't possibly be a dream. He was so vivid. His eyes were...well, his nose and his chin...oh— oh, I can just see it! I just can't remember! The man was as clear as day! He had a tan jacket, and a deerskin suitcase.

He can't be a dream, can he? Please, call in, listeners, and let us know if you can remember anything else.

This Monday through Friday is the annual Night Vale Career Fair at the Downtown Convention Center. There will be dozens of booths, representing phony local businesses that will take your resumes and photos (via hidden surveillance cameras) and conduct sample interviews designed to badger you into implicating yourself in nefarious activities.

First-generation Night Vale residents — particularly those whose parents were originally born in Maine, Massachusetts, Canada, Micronesia, and Suriname — are strongly encouraged to attend.

This year's keynote speaker is an audio tape of droning moans leaden with subliminal tips about achieving personal prosperity and how to come clean about the terrible things you have done, you cretin.

Last year's fair featured several very high-profile arrests – and some nice door prizes. Tickets are $25, or $15 if you still have working retinas to scan.

Over the weekend, Teddy Williams — owner of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex — sent us some security camera footage of what he believes to be the first-ever glimpse of citizens of the Underground City deep below Lane Five.

Early Saturday morning, Fun Complex cameras picked up blurry motion near the soda machine. The footage is quite fuzzy and difficult to discern. Perhaps it is merely rats or raccoons, digging through an uncovered supply of junk food. But it is, of course, much more likely that a lost nation of people, living in the bowels of a small-town bowling alley, are finally revealing themselves – taking our food supplies, and preparing for war.

Teddy told us that he believes this city to be thousands strong and ready to move into Night Vale. Ready to take arms against the "Upper World" (as they probably call us). Ready to conquer this heaven and become the righteous owners of our sun-soaked precious land...we assume.

It takes very little extrapolation to believe that they worship a god named Huntokhar, who demands sacrifice to keep their Underground City thriving in the absence of nourishing sunlight.

And a fair assumption is they are ruled by a Child King, recently coronated, who is too weak to rein back the generals intent on marching upon us in war.

Ladies and gentlemen, if you care for your community, your town, your Night Vale like I do, please know that you will arm yourselves. You will rally your neighbors to militia. You will point fingers at those who do not wish to fight and have them rounded up into pens. This is no time for the weak. We are at a presumptive war with a projected enemy whom we cannot yet see, or even be certain of, but who are probably bloodthirsty giants.

If you would like to learn more about starting a militia, simply learn to be a true American. And that is how you will know. And remember, Night Vale is at war. Your careless talk costs lives. They know we are here, and it seems somebody has talked.

Who was it, Night Vale?

Was it Steve Carlsberg? Did Steve Carlsberg talk?

Maybe a group of good citizens should go have a "chat" with Steve and find out what he's been saying, and to whom.

Stay by your radios, listeners. We will report further as events warrant.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Intern Rob? Uh, who do we have sponsoring this segment of our show?

That would be Squarespace!

Um, I'm very sorry about your cousin Leland, Rob.

Thank you.

He was a very good intern. Tell us about Squarespace.

Sure.

It's not easy starting a small business. There are a lot of things to worry about, like building a customer base, developing a strong product, wrestling with self-doubt, crying a lot, bleeding a little, looking up in the small hours at the sagging ceiling of your too-small bed thinking "why, why?", being overrun by rats and worms, and discovering that you're just matter – just rotting, organic matter, fated to feed the earth and trees.

Yes, there are so many concerns facing small businesses. Web design shouldn't be one of them.

Want a simple, low-cost, and beautifully-designed web solution for your small business?

Well, do you?

Doesn't sound like you do, actually.

I'm looking at your web page right now, and it's lovely. It's really smooth, real easy to navigate...looks like you put a lot of work into this.

You don't need our help. We won't even tell you who we are because we don't want to pressure you into changing what you've already done with your website.

It's perfect!

Wow!

Good job!

We just– wow! Just– I'm sorry to have interrupted.

[starting to cry] I just want to say, you're really good at web design. [sniffles] You're much better than us. [gasping breath] Carry on. I– I guess.

Thank you, Rob.

More now on the Man in the Tan Jacket.

Old Woman Josie called to tell us that her Angel friends are saying that the deerskin suitcase is full of flies. The Angels would not tell her more, explaining that knowing more would jeopardize her Eternal Soul, as well as their own statuses as Angels. They did not want to mess with that!

Old Woman Josie added that she thinks the Man in the Tan Jacket is just a salesman of some sort. A fly salesman, she bets, wandering from town to town with polished shoes and a suitcase full of flies.

"Oh, I just can't stand those fly salesmen," she said. "Ringing my doorbell at 3:00 AM, wanting to show me samples, asking for glasses of orange milk!"

The Night Vale Daily Journal has announced that, despite its recent cost-cutting measures and mandatory subscription laws, it is facing a huge budget shortfall this year.

"We cannot pay back our printers, or our delivery crews," said editor Leann Hart, in a prepared statement whispered through my mail slot late last night. "And we have already had to banish much of our staff into the Sand Wastes of the desert."

She went on to explain that this "budget shortfall" has nothing to do with the reported lavish birthday party she threw for herself in the Night Vale Stadium – featuring a lazy river made entirely of champagne and a birthday cake topped with very thin slices of moon rock.

In an addendum she tapped in Morse code on my bathroom window, she said that the Journal is considering all new sources of income — including creating additional advertising space and mugging Night Vale citizens. And that I shouldn't mention the whole birthday party thing after all, because she was never even born, so how could she have had a birthday party?

She spent the rest of the night tapping out the phrase "birthdays are a fake idea," which actually was a pretty relaxing sound to fall asleep to.

Hey, kids and parents! Time once again for our Children's Fun Fact Science Corner! Today, we are exploring common birds and their meanings.

An eagle indicates that an important phone call is impending. A sparrow says that you should beware the sea, and sell any stocks invested in food-based companies. A pigeon means that your mother has died — or that all is well. It's a bit uncertain.

A hummingbird tells us that the physical constants of the universe are slowly degrading, and may someday shift, invalidating the laws of physics and instantly wiping out the universe as we know it while simultaneously creating an entirely new universe in a single transcendent moment of genocide and genesis.

As for hawks, well...no one knows what hawks mean, really. Or if they are real. Have you ever seen a hawk? No, of course not. Nobody has!

This has been the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

And now another word from our sponsors.

Today's program has been sponsored by the physical act of gulping. For thousands of years, gulping has been there for human beings when they needed an expressive gesture of the throat. Whether you want to indicate nervousness about an upcoming test or appointment, fear of the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, or you just want to ingest milk faster than with regular swallowing, gulping is the way to go! Forget sweating, never mind shivering! Sneezing? Ugh! When you think physical actions, think gulping! Gulp now and receive a complimentary prize package, which will be conveniently buried in an unmarked spot somewhere in the Scrublands. Find it, and it's yours!

Gulp!

This just in:

The Sheriff's Secret Police has just issued an important request related to our earlier story. They ask that all Night Vale citizens be on the lookout for a Man in a Tan Jacket, carrying a deerskin suitcase. He is about five or six foot...something, probably with hair, and normal human features.

He was last seen early this morning on the unlit, gravel-paved stretch of Oak Trail, near Larry Leroy's house out on the edge of town. The Man in the Tan Jacket was reportedly seen in the moonless black, standing next to a refrigerator engulfed in flames.

And he was smoking a cigarette.

Witnesses claimed he stared at them as they slowly drove by on the darkened country road, but despite the prolonged eye contact, the witnesses still could not describe his face to police.

Two days prior, the Man in the Tan Jacket was seen standing in a park. No one can remember which park, but they're fairly certain it was a park. Or maybe it was in the Old Navy Outlet Store. Or near the invisible clock tower...it wasn't quite clear.

Either way, the man was definitely standing with his deerskin suitcase, and staring up at the sun for hours. He followed the bizarre glowing orb, which is somehow the source of all light and life, and —

"Oh god, the sun, are you kidding us with this? We don't even have time for that mystery!" the Secret Police then interjected.

Secret Police officials added that if you see a Man in a Tan Jacket carrying a deerskin suitcase, write down what you see immediately.

The City Council has temporarily lifted their ban on pens and pencils, so that citizens can help law enforcement on this matter. Once you write down your encounter, call 911 immediately. Or simply say, "Hey, police!" out loud. We're all being monitored almost 24/7, so they'll probably hear you just fine.

Let's go now to the traffic.

There is a car.

It's not in Night Vale, or even in the desert that cradles our little town. It's out, somewhere beyond that. There are many cars there, but I'm speaking only about one. Blue, square-ish, with tires, and windows, and an engine that works...most of the time.

A woman is driving it, and she is also glancing whenever she can at the child in the passenger seat. He is a child, but he is 15.

You understand.

She is glancing at him, but she is not saying anything. And he is not saying anything either.

She wants to cry...

...or, she wants to push him out of the car...

...or, she wants to go back in time and insist on using a condom...

...only she would never do that.

She wouldn't change any of this reality. Not for all the money — piles of money, some of it defunct money from defunct and absent governments — she wouldn't give any of that back.

And so she drives her car. Blue. Square-ish. With tires. And windows. And an engine that works...most of the time. And she glances at the 15 year-old child. And neither of them speaks.

This has been traffic.

Um, hey Rob? Can you come here for a second?

Yeah.

Rob? You're bleeding.

I know.

From the eyes.

Right.

Should you go see a doctor?

No, I'm fine. I actually can't see much right now, because of the blood.

Right, right.

[awkward silence]

...Rob?

Yeah.

There are spiders crawling from out of your shirt.

No, yeah. Those are– they're coming from my chest, actually. My heart. I have a heart murmur.

You have a heart murmur?

Well, had. I picked at it and now the spiders got out.

You should never pick at a heart murmur!

I know. Habits!

And now the spiders have gotten out. Whoa– whoa! Rob! You are losing a lot of blood! Why don't you go get an ice pack and lay down?

OK, I'll just lay down on the floor here. Uh! I laid down quite quickly, I think I hit my head. The ice pack fell on me, though, so I'm set. [*cough*]

Rob?

[*cough*] Yes?

Have you ever seen this Man in the Tan Jacket? He has a deerskin suitcase. Many people have reported–

Rob.

Rob?

Oh dear.

To the family of friends of Rob the Intern, let me be the first to say that he was an excellent intern, and a beautiful person. Sure, his last moments were filled with spiders pouring from his heart, and blood streaming from his eyes, but beauty should have nothing to do with our physical differences. Beauty is what you do! What you mean, what you say, and what you are before the world devours you. Beauty is not in the arthropods spilling from one's breast, but in the heart that once contained them. If Rob has taught us anything, let it be that.

And also, never pick at a heart murmur!

And now, without further ado, let us go to the weather.

["You're the One I Love" by Sara Watkins]

Ladies and gentlemen, during the break, I received a call from someone claiming to be an Angel.

Now, I don't know if this was a prank or not, as no one has actually proven that they've talked to an Angel. Even Old Woman Josie's word is just that, her word.

But listeners, I think this had to be an Angel, because my face became hot, and the voice filled every part of my body, and tears were flowing down my face the instant I touched the phone receiver, and the whole room was lit up in — well, how can I describe this? — a bright black beam illuminating every atomic detail!

And the Angel — if that is indeed who called — the Angel said that the Man in the Tan Jacket with the deerskin suitcase was from a place underneath the earth.

Underneath our knowledge.

A vast world, right below our feet.

I asked for more, but the Angel — if that is indeed who called — whispered only, "A flower in the desert."

And it filled me with ecstasy and dread.

Then, as the call ended, and the black ray of truth was gone, and I was breathlessly...and alone. And listeners, dear listeners, the silence...well, it was unlike any silence you have ever not heard.

So our mystery man remains un-found, and I'm still not sure why an Angel would have to use a telephone, but for now, we can only know what we know. And that is that we don't know.

Thank you again for listening, listeners. I look forward to another fine year. A new year, well-spent with all of you, out there.

Please stay tuned next for the popular radio game show, "Wait, Wait, Don't! No, Don't! Please, Don't!"

Night Vale, be alert, and write down everything you cannot comprehend.

Until next time, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

15) Street Cleaning Day (15 January 2013)

Bananas are hardly that slippery. But watch your step anyway.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Ladies, gentlemen, you. Today is Street Cleaning Day.

Please remain calm!

Street Cleaners will be upon us quite soon. We have little time to prepare.

Please remain calm!

The City Council has issued a statement in 20-point all-caps type saying:

RUN! RUN! FORGET YOUR CHILDREN AND LEAVE BEHIND THE WEAK! RUN!

We have contacted those experts who have not already gone underground or changed their identity, and have been told that Street Cleaners focus on heat and movement, and so the best strategy is to be dead already.

Then the experts all swallowed pills and fell, mouths frothing, at my feet.

If you have doors, lock them.

If you have windows, board them up.

If you still have ears, cover them, and crouch wherever you are.

It is Street Cleaning Day.

Please remain calm!

John Peters — you know, the farmer? He reports finding an old oak door standing unsupported by any other structure out in the Scrublands. He says he's sure it wasn't there yesterday...or pretty sure, anyway. As sure as he can be since the accident.

Apparently there is knocking from the door, as if there were someone from some other side that does not exist in our narrow, fragile reality trying to get in.

He has added several deadbolts and chains to the door on both sides, unsure which direction the door opens. Which is, by the way, a huge design flaw. One should always know which way a door opens merely by looking at it if the designer has done their job. And this holds true whether it's a bank of glass doors at the mall, or an unspeakably old wooden door leading to other worlds than these.

John, meanwhile, says he will keep a sleepless vigil upon the door, as any sleep merely leads to dreams of blurry shapes in the dim distance, advancing, hissing, upon this vulnerable planet.

He also says the imaginary corn is coming in real good, and we should have a nice crop to choose from soon, especially now that it will be available for sale at the Green Market.

The staff at Dark Owl Records announced today that they are only listening to, selling, and talking about Buddy Holly. If you want to buy music at all, you had better like Buddy Holly. If you dress like Buddy Holly, that's cool too.

They also announced that Buddy Holly will be performing live there this Saturday night at 11:00 to promote his newest album, which is called "I'm Trapped In Between Worlds, Existing Only In the Form That You Knew Me. This Is Not Who I Am. Leave Me Alone And Just Let Me Die, Please!"

Organized crime is on the rise, Night Vale.

The Sheriff's Secret Police and the Night Vale Council for Commerce are cracking down on illegal wheat and wheat by-product speakeasies. Two months ago, the City Council abolished forever all wheat and wheat by-products. But a black market appears to have formed for those depraved addicts who can't get enough wheat, nor its by-products. Big Rico's Pizza was cited this week for hosting an illegal wheat and wheat by-products joint in a hidden basement space.

Big Rico's, in light of the new laws, has had to alter its menu to mostly just bowls of stewed tomatoes, melted cheese wads, and gluten-free pizza slices. His storefront seemed to be the model of a wheat-free and wheat by-product-free society. But even the most honest businesses can turn to crime when their livelihood is on the line.

Fortunately for Big Rico he is a very nice person, and apologized to the City Council in a way that did not include blackmail, or secret campaign contributions, or special favors. Big Rico is just truly sorry for what he has done.

The Sheriff's Secret Police say that they are upping their efforts to stop these illicit wheat and wheat by-product manufacturers. They are mostly just sniffing in the air until they smell bread. "It's pretty easy, actually," the Sheriff said from his hover-office in the clouds.

More information now on Street Cleaning Day, which has come upon us just as we always feared it would.

The information is that Street Cleaning Day is terrifying, and that we should all perhaps fall to our knees, letting out moans and rubbing our forearms absently.

The City Council has issued a statement indicating that they forgot they had vacation plans this week, and so are currently on a plane to Miami — as they had been planning and looking forward to for some time. They said their vacation, since it was definitely planned, has a pre-established end date, but that they cannot tell anyone what that end date is until the Street Cleaners are completely gone.

In the meantime they are leaving Paul Birmingham in charge. Paul, the vagrant who lives in a lean-to behind the Library, could not be reached for comment — as he has faked his own death in an elaborate scheme to escape Street Cleaning Day unscathed.

More, if there ever is more for any of us.

And now a word from our sponsors.

Today's broadcast is sponsored by Target. Target is a great place to shop, and they would like you to consider the variety of silence in this world.

The deathly silence when an argument has reached a height from which neither party can see a safe way down.

And the soft wet silence of post-coital breath-catching.

Silence in a courtroom moments before a man's life is changed completely by something so insignificant as his past.

And the silence of a hospital room as a man, in front of everyone he loves, lets the heat from his clenched hands dissipate into the background hum of the universe.

The quiet of outdoor distances.

Of wilderness.

Of the luxury of space.

And the quiet of dead air on the radio.

The sound of a mistake.

Of emphasis.

Of your own thoughts when you expected someone else's.

Shop at Target.

From time to time, listeners, I like to bring a little education to our show. Throw out some interesting facts or "mind fuel."

Today I'd like to share some fascinating facts about clouds. Clouds are made up of [CENSORED]. Rain clouds are formed when [CENSORED] air. When the density of the humid air, AKA "the cloud," becomes [CENSORED] that's when it rains. Lightning is [CENSORED]. And it's important to [CENSORED] can kill you, or at least cause you a great deal of body-altering pain and regret.

But take some time to stop and look at the clouds. They are beautiful, wondrous creations!

Wait. I've just been handed a piece of red paper by one of the Sheriff's Secret Police officers. I can tell that's what he was because of his short cape, blow dart chest belt, and tight leather balaclava.

Dear listeners, I've been told to inform you that you are to stop looking at the clouds immediately. Stop knowing about the clouds.

Intern Stacy tells me in my headset here that they've also been censoring my broadcast. Well, I back our public protectors, and if they say to stop knowing about...whatever it was was talking about, then I'll stop knowing about it.

Let's go now to the sounds of predatory birds.

[Sounds of predatory birds]

Sirens have been going off in Central Night Vale as a warning about sirens going off in Old Town Night Vale. These sirens indicate that sirens might occur in the general Night Vale area over the next few hours — which would be a declaration of a current Siren Watch. Please check that your siren preparedness kit is fully stocked and easily reachable.

Lieutenant Regis of Unit 7 of the local National Guard Station and KFC combo store said that, "It always seemed that the only way to live without regrets was just to never regret anything you did. And that seems to be the only hope for the future, anyway. Regrets just bear us down. Regrets just bear us down."

This wasn't related to today's siren watch. He said that a few years back, and it always just...stuck with me.

And now, traffic.

Southbound HOV lanes of Route 800 near Exit 15 have large, glowing arrows. Drive over the arrows and get a boost in speed! Save time and gas, and get your high-occupancy vehicle to work on time!

There's a stalled car at the downtown off-ramp of Eastern Expressway. Tow trucks are on the scene to euthanize the vehicle and chase away scavenging vermin.

There are several accidents to report. In fact, infinite accidents. Everything is an accident.

Or at least, let us hope so.

This has been traffic.

Ladies and gentlemen, it is not possible for us to exactly do another news report on Street Cleaning Day, as no information can get through the barricades and seals that are keeping us safe within our broadcasting bunker. Instead, we offer the following impressionistic list of what we believe is happening outside our secure perimeter:

Screaming
A slow movement downwards
The crunch of items made of wood and items not made of wood
A quick movement upwards
Char
A smell like rotting seaweed, or a poisoned ocean
The song "La Bamba" only faster
You know that feeling when you realize you're not alone? Only more so
Screaming
Screaming
Screaming
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, the Street Cleaners are upon us! What can we do? What is there to do?

Besides, perhaps, taking you in a haze of terror and heat to the weather?

["A Little Irony" by Tom Milsom]

We return you now to a safe place.

The Street Cleaners have passed.

Street Cleaning Day, as so many other days, is behind us.

We emerge from hiding spots, from secret locations, from places under other places. We step out into the street, and it is as though it is brand new to us.

Certainly, it is cleaner now, but that is not all.

We have survived all the way from birth to this very moment, and we look at each other, and some of us start laughing, and others start weeping, and one or two of us break out into a wordless humming song. And all of us mean the exact same thing.

Look at us! Look at us out in the honey light of the finished day! Look at us and rejoice in our sheer being!

One of us turns to another, clears his throat, and puts a gentle hand upon the other's gentle arm.

"I've never told you this," that one says.

"What is it, Wilson?" says the other.

"Amber, you are all to me. Will you marry me?"

"Wilson! We've spoken maybe twice! Do you think we could start with dinner instead?"

"No...Yes — No, you're right. I was confused," says the one, although he was not confused.

"Think nothing of it. It's forgotten," says the other, although she thought many things of it, and had forgotten nothing.

And then a gradual movement towards Mission Grove Park. No orders or even suggestions given, and yet we all file to that central meeting place, put our arms around each other, grip tight, and then grip tighter.

Some of us are not here.

We leave space for them, space that has been emptied by time.

"I...suppose I should say a few words to mark the occasion," says one of us — tall, towards the front.

He says nothing more.

The City Council arrives, back from their long-planned Miami vacation, nudging those near them and talking about silver sand beaches and the food, oh, those Cubans know how to do it!

Even they are accepted into the gathering, despite our usual fears, and we grip them too, as friends.

Night has arrived, ladies. Night is here, gentlemen. Night falls on our weary bodies. And night falls on you, too. You too have survived, survived everything up to this moment.

Grip tight!

Hum!

Laugh!

Cry!

Forget nothing, and think many things of it.

Goodnight.

Goodnight.

Goodnight.

16) The Phone Call (1 February 2013)

Your existence is not impossible, but it's also not very likely. Welcome to Night Vale.



(intro music plays)

In light of the ever-declining sales of newspapers, and the rise of competition from digital media, the Night Vale Daily Journal announced that it has developed a new business model. Publishing editor Leann Hart, speaking to television and internet reporters outside the burned-down shell of the Journal's former distribution plant, said their new mission, as a newspaper, is to kill newsbloggers with hatchets. In this bold new initiative - a game-changing strategy by one of the industry stalwarts - the Daily Journal plans to just go to bloggers' homes and places of employment - with hatchets - and then chop them up - the bloggers - until they - the bloggers - are dead. She added that the Journal still plans to use the AP Style Guide and they are working to design a newer, more modern-looking masthead. Several Journal reporters and ad reps then began swinging blades at the non-print reporters in attendance.

The Sheriff's Secret Police is issuing an urgent message to all citizens. ATTENTION ALL CITIZENS. Memorize this list. Memorize it now. It will not now, nor ever, be repeated. Memorize this now for your safety and protection. We cannot tell you when or where you will need to know it, but when you do, you will be safe. Here is the list. Memorize...NOW.

hazelnut

mystify

cuttlefish

lark

lurk

Robert

Anglican

pheromone halter-top marmalade hardware laser pepper release kneecap falafel period chase chaste leggings wool sweater heartbeat heartbeat heart beat

heart

...beat

beat

beat

beat

beat

Memorize that list, citizens! In order. Secret Police warn that if you miss even one word, or transpose a couple of worlds like 'lurk' and 'lark', there could be unpleasant consequences. This has been a special announcement from the Sheriff's Secret Police.

Listeners, guess who called me this weekend. Well, hey, I don't like to talk too much about my personal life here. This is your community news station, not Cecil's Personal Life Station, right? Okay, fine. I'll just say it.

Carloooos!

Carlos, the dark, delicate-skinned scientist who came into our little town and our littler hearts several months ago. Well, I gave him my home phone number quite a while back, and he never called, and I didn't think anything of it, right? I mean, sometimes people just don't call, and that's okay. Well, to the point: Carlos called, and I'm like, 'Hellooo?' Like I don't even have caller ID, and he's like 'I need to talk to you. This is important.' And I'm like, 'Ummm, okay.' I mean, that's pretty forward, right, listeners? But I can't tell exactly what he wants yet! And he said 'Cecil.' Just the sound of his caramel voice. 'Cecil,' he says. 'Cecil.' I think time is slowing down in Night Vale, and then I said, after a slow sip of Armagnac, 'Ohhhh?'

And perfect Carlos said, 'Last week, seven days, twenty four hours each day, sixty minutes in each hour. That's ten thousand eighty minutes in a week, right?'

'Uh-huh. Go on!' I said, trying to sound like someone with a normal pulse whose palms were not sweating.

'Well, I ran some figures, and during that same amount of time in Night Vale, eleven thousand seven hundred eighty-three minutes elapsed everywhere else in the world. That's more than a full day longer. I don't know what's happening.'

So that's what Carlos said! Listeners, what do you think? I feel like time always slows down when we're together, Carlos and I. Is that what he's trying to say? I feel that way too! But I didn't say it, I just said, ohh, this is bad...I just said, 'Neat!' Ugh. How embarrassing. I mean, Carlos is sooo smart, and he says sooo many smart things! And I'm not dumb! I like science and municipally-approved books just as much as the next guy, so I can't believe that's all I could say to him. 'Neat.' But I did manage to ask if he wanted to get together sometime, and talk some more about this really fascinating subject. He said no, but he needed me to help get the word out and see if anyone has noticed a massive time-shift, so that's what I'm doing now. Anything for the scientific community. I'm very into science these days.

Wow! Can you believe he called me?

Update on the impending invasion from the underground city: the Sheriff's Secret Police has reviewed Teddy Williams' grainy security footage from the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, and they say that the nearly-indiscernible grey blotch making a slight movement near the cheese dispenser definitely proves that a lost city is moving toward war with Night Vale. A balaclava-clad man wearing a mitre, cloak, and a giant silver star, and speaking through a vocoder - you know, the man we all believe to be the Sheriff of Night Vale? - announced this morning that all citizens should prepare their town for war. This includes: fortifying porches with sandbags, training children to detect landmines, and not taking off our gas masks for means, even though it is considered polite.

We talked with Teddy himself. He told us that during last night's league bowling tournament, the jukebox malfunctioned, and would not stop playing "Mister Brownstone". Teddy says this could be a code, some kind of threatening message, or maybe even a subtle call for peace. He also asked that Night Vale citizens learn their shoe sizes. Shoe rentals are taking way too long, and it's really not that hard to memorize a one- or two-digit number.

The Sheriff's Secret Police also asks Night Vale residents to please help in their neighborhood watch program. Secret Police are in every neighborhood, watching everybody, so here are some tips on how you can help this invaluable community surveillance program.

Keep all windows open during clement weather, and if you must close them during rain, dust, or coal storms, please keep them clean, and stand near them, so cameras and microphones can clearly identify you.

When having any private conversation, whether via phone or with those in your home, turn down the tv and radio to cut down on noise pollution. Also, please try to keep your conversations lively. Maybe some local gossip, or polarizing sports opinions. Too much boring talk about plans for your garden, or where to buy good laser discs, can make the Secret Police tired, and less effective at their jobs.

Do not wear tinfoil hats. This hackneyed technique doesn't work at all. Helicopters could mind-scan you through twenty feet of lead. You shouldn't wear these homemade hats because it draws unnecessary attention to yourself. It's pathetic and paranoid. The Secret Police are embarrassed for you.

And as always, if you see something, say 'Something.' That's the code word to call a special raid on a neighbor or stranger. If you see something, say the word 'something'.

Now, in the news. After several months of protests from ordinary Night Vale citizens of stout and sturdy character, the City Council has announced several improvements for the public library. These improvements are the following: an entrance is being constructed at the front of the building, so we will no longer have to enter by waking up between two shelves in a dizzy haze, unsure of how we got there, and then wandering around, trapped, until we wake with a start in our own beds, covered with sweat, and with a few books we checked out on our nightstand. Drinking fountains are being installed in the lobby, as well as dunking chambers, and a state-of-the-art fainting pool. Librarian repellent dispensers are being placed throughout the building. Remember, if approached by a librarian, keep still. Do not run away. Try to make yourself bigger than the librarian. Finally, the children's section is getting beanbag chairs. That is all.

Is it?

Yes!

But is it?

Yes.

And now, traffic. All roads lead to somewhere, and all roads come from somewhere. And in between they are a snarl and curve, a twist and a bend. Where are we going? I mean, metaphorically? Where are we coming from? I mean, literally. Is it possible to stop, or turn around, and if not, what does that mean for the latest polls and economic reports? Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, Route 800 is looking clear in both directions. The old dirt road to the small wooden shack is backed up at least thirty minutes. There. Now you know. Has that filled an emptiness for you? Are you any happier now? I hope so. This has been, and will always be, traffic.

Listeners, I can hardly stand it any longer. During the past few stories, my phone has been silently buzzing. You guessed who! Given that I am a radio host and it is therefore my duty to read you the news, it would be completely inappropriate for me to answer my phone regardless of how much I want to soak my ears in the oaky tones of our community's most significant outsider. But. Well. He left me some voicemails. This may be a bit unorthodox, but I need your help, dear listeners, to determine where Carlos is going with all of this! Let's listen to these together, okay? What do you think he's trying to say?

(phone noises) First saved message:  Cecil, sorry to bother you. I need you to get the word out that clocks in Night Vale are not real. I have not found a single real clock. I have disassembled several watches and clocks this week and all of them are hollow inside. No gears, no crystal, no battery or power source. Some of them actually contain a gelatinous grey lump that seems to be growing hair, and teeth. I need to know if all clocks are this way, Cecil. This is v.... (whispering) There's something at my door, Cecil. I need to go, okay? I'll call you back in...well, I don't know.

End of message.

Next message: (Carlos whispering) There's a man in a jacket holding a leather suitcase outside my door, Cecil. He's not knocking, he's just standing in front of my door. I can't make out his face. I'm peering through a crack in the living room blinds. Oh no, he saw me!

End of message.

Next message: Sorry about that, Cecil. I forget what I was doing. I think somebody came over, but I don't remember who or what for. Anyway, I need to meet you. Are you free tomorrow afternoon? You have a contact number for the mayor and someone with the police, right? It's important that I find them, and again, can you get the word out on your radio show about the clocks?

End of message. (phone beep)

Did you hear that, listeners? A date! Let's go to the weather!

("Those Days Are Gone And My Heart Is Breaking" by Barton Carroll plays)

Well, I just got off the phone with Carlos, listeners, and we have a date! Tomorrow afternoon. It's just coffee, but maybe it's more! Maybe lots more. Who knows? You know, they always say if you're trying to meet someone, you may never find them, but it's when you're not looking, that's when they find you. I've always heard this in reference to government agents, but I think it applies to dating as well. Carlos did want me to ask if anyone has ever actually seen the Night Vale clock tower. I told him that it was invisible, and always teleporting, and that's why he can't ever see it. I mean, that seems sort of obvious. Okay. That was unfair. Carlos is a very smart man, and I shouldn't roll my eyes just because he doesn't comprehend basic architecture. He obviously has a lot of other intriguing interests, though, like clock making! And seismology! And who knows what else. Oh, happy day, listeners! Thanks for listening, and for helping me through this! I'm so very excited.

Before we go, intern Stacy just handed me this. The Sheriff's Secret Police would like to issue a correction to their earlier special alert. In their warning, they stated that memorizing a very specific list would keep you safe. This is incorrect. According to the new statement, quote 'We are not safe. We are all being hunted by time and our own deceitful bodies. Memorizing the list will merely prevent additional external pain beyond that which you experience daily just by being alive. The Sheriff's Secret Police regret the error.' End quote.

That's it for our news. Stay tuned next for a community-wide frisson of cosmic fright. Thank you again, Night Vale! May you too find love in this dark desert. May it be as permanent as the blinking lights, and as comforting as the dull roar of space. Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

17) Valentine (15 February 2013)

Trust everyone. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Hello, citizens of Night Vale. I bring you now to our ongoing coverage of the Valentine's Day aftermath. Emergency workers have been at it since early this morning, starting the long task of cleanup and recovery. Reports are still hazy, but we believe that the housing developments of Marshall's Gorge and Golden Dunes have both been wiped completely off the map, while Coyote Corners and Cactus Bloom are reporting extensive damage to structures and power lines. Please, if you are not directly involved in the recovery and cleanup from Valentine's Day, stay off the roads to make room for those who are. This Valentine's Day, as all Valentine's Days, will not succeed in bringing our city down. This Valentine's Day, as all all Valentine's Days, will soon recede into painful memory, fading with time, until another foul Valentine's Day is upon us again.

In other news, the Randy Newman Memorial Night Vale Airport has announced some schedule changes due to multiple severe weather conditions, including the existence of an atmosphere, and that strange fiery orb that appears for approximately half of every twenty-four hour period. Many of today's flights will be delayed for several hours while the rest will be moved into the past and will have already happened last week. All arriving flights have been cancelled except for those from JFK, LAX, and XTA, will continue on the usual routine of unscheduled arrivals, which are a complete surprise to both the pilots and Air Traffic Control, based on routes that appear to violate the simple laws of physics and geography.

In addition, Martin McCaffrey, local TSA representative, reminded all travelers that security measures are in place for their own safety, and we should respect the sacrifice needed to keep our lives and our country secure. Martin said, 'I know going through both a metal and full-body scanner, as well as crawling through a lengthy pitch-black tunnel while a recording of a monotone male voice lists possible ways of dying are all inconveniences. And I know that many travelers are concerned with privacy issues involving the voice of a small child that comes through strategically placed ceiling grates asking them to name every person they have ever kissed, but these are all necessary evils.' Mister McCaffrey then went on to draw a sketch of a strange, elongated, dark figure crawling out of a kitchen refrigerator, after which he immediately insisted he had no memory of creating the picture and no idea what it could mean. More on this eventually, probably.

Hey! Here's a health tip from the Greater Night Vale Medical Community. It's possible you won't be able to kill it. If it manages to burrow under your skin, stop fighting, because it has already become part of you. Welcome your new body-mate! Listen to what it has to say, and see where the new symbiotic lifestyle takes you.

Emergency workers report that the damage from Valentine's Day is worse than previously projected. They describe bodies strewn upon the ground, covered in glitter and paper cupids. Entire buildings collapsed, leaving only rubble and chalky candy hearts. And of course, there is the sad fate of those chosen to be another person's Valentine. Little can be said to help the families of those unfortunates except that the process is, while exactly as ghastly and excruciating as feared, apparently not as horribly slow and drawn-out as it appears to outside observers. As usual, no aid has come our way from either the state or national government. The state House even went so far as to send a formal reply, the entirety of which reads, 'Sorry. We can see what you were going for, but maybe we just don't get that kind of thing. Anyway, creative stuff! And have a happy Valentine's.'

Those monsters.

If you or anyone you know has any footage of photos of the events of Valentine's Day, please send them directly into the station, so that we may put the images and video on the radio. Thank you, and be safe.

The City Council recently moved to name dance as the official town language. This measure has been met with tense debate and raised voices over the past several weeks. Proponents say we need a unified language, as it will save money on municipal signage and documentation, not to mention bring us together as a community. 'The poetry of the human body,' they said, while quickly pulling in their elbows and turning their bowler hats down over their eyes in an obvious tribute to Bob Fosse, 'mates physical being with mental necessity, a marriage that brings purpose to our quickly rotting living corpses.'

Opponents say that this move, if voted into law, is discriminatory against the physically handicapped. Also, less than 10% of Night Vale citizens have ever taken a single dance lesson, let alone achieved lifelong mastery of one of the most ethereal and difficult to grasp art forms. One opponent, who wished to remain nameless out of fear of retribution, told us that the bill was entirely funded by lobbyists from Cheryl's Little Princesses Dance Studio. 'Just follow the money,' they said . Then the anonymous insider's pupils grew until they eclipsed the whites. Their tongue slid out from their knife-gash of a grin, and their hair would not stop greying and growing.

A final vote is expected on Tuesday.

And now, traffic. A representative from the Sheriff's Secret Police, waving vaguely at a map in our studio, said that there are street closures, quote 'all over. Just alllll over the general area,' the representative said, tapping the edge of the map with two knuckles. 'A bunch of 'em, in different places.'

We asked if he could be more specific, and he nodded, but did not say anything more. We tried naming a couple of streets to see if any of them were included on the list of closures, but the representative only replied with a, 'Oh, yeah! Probably', and an ambiguous head waggle to each one. He added that anyone caught on a closed road would be dealt with in the usual manner, and then he winked and gave me a thumbs-up. It is possible he was merely a vagrant who wandered into the studio. We didn't bother to check his credentials. Just to be safe, though, look out for road closures all over in the general area, listeners. They're in a bunch of different places, probably. This has been traffic.

And now for corrections. We offer the following corrections to previous reports broadcast on NV Community radio.

Blue, not green.

A low whirring sound was heard only by those to the west of it.

The witness' name was Henry Gregson, and not, as we reported, Crystal Soul-Eater

We were feeling, at best, fine, and not, as we stated on the record, 'pretty good thanks.'

No. NO. Do not do what we advised. We were so terribly terribly wrong. If you have done it already, well, our heart goes out to those who miss you. Please forgive us. Please forgive us.

This has been corrections.

More post-Valentine's Day news. The Night Vale Mall's planned Valentine's Day art installation, involving footage of actual beating animal hearts projected on a vivisected teddy bear, was cancelled due to the entire mall being flooded with poisonous gas. The gas was described as 'difficult to breathe' and 'a major cause of death to everyone who stood in it'. Mall PR officials expressed regret at the cancellation, saying, 'Man, it's like every time an artist has a bold new idea, the system has to come in and shut them down.' They concluded by muttering, 'It stinks man! It stinks' before going off to sulk in the Red Cross medical tent. Emergency workers, meanwhile, report coming across a stash of unactivated Valentine's Day cards, forcing them to cease operations until a specialized team could be called in to deal with the danger. Three workers died before they could retreat. Also, Night Vale community radio intern Stacy died a couple of months ago, soon after our last mention of her. Our sympathies go to the loved ones of those who are lost, especially Stacy. Sorry that I didn't get around to telling you until now. That was totally my fault.

Mayor Pamela Winchell issued the following statement today in regards to the increasing public support for her ouster and replacement by dashing inmate and blogger Hiram McDaniels. Winchell said, 'The Mayor smells of olives. The Mayor burns like a match tip and casts her flickering light on the darkened path of fate. The Mayor does not have keys to the Stone Door. The Mayor is the Stone Door, and all that quivers behind it. The Mayor is forgiving. The Mayor makes no mistakes. The Mayor clutches tightly to your lungs, all six arms embracing your savory breaths. Let the Mayor out. Let the Mayor out. Let the Mayor out.'

There were no follow-up questions, but the press pool did let out a simultaneous 'Ohmmmm', as fire burst forth from the podium and the conference room ceiling flew away, revealing a midday night sky that had grown cancerous with blinking stars. McDaniels is still in jail, awaiting trial for insurance fraud and evasion of arrest. He has previously announced interest in becoming mayor of Night Vale and is a thirty-six hundred pound five-headed dragon.

In other news, several alert citizens have reported that the Night Vale Post Office, closed since the strange and probably supernatural attack that it suffered several months ago, now appears to be open for business once again. This is good news for all of us, as we as a city have been unable to send or receive letters and packages since the closing. All private delivery companies of course refuse to enter the greater Night Vale area, because, a FedEx representative explained, 'It is cursed.'

Witnesses say the post office has opened its doors and looks to be full of activity. There have been a few changes. For instance, all clerks behind the counter are now strange cloth-wrapped figures who hum tunelessly and turn in place instead of doing any sort of official postal business. In addition, the entire customer line and lobby area is full of more of these cloth-wrapped figures, all similarly turning and humming. Those who have tried to enter the building have reported an immediate wave of dizziness and nausea, followed by visions of strange jagged peaks and a churning black ocean. Also, they say, stamps now cost two cents more than a few months ago. It is not enough, apparently, for the postal service to violently assault our minds with visions, but they are also intent on bleeding our wallets dry. For shame.

But hey, at least everyone can get Amazon deliveries again. As their slogan says, 'Amazon dot com The only website now. Where did the rest of them go? Do not ask. Do not ask.'

And now, the weather.

("Neptune's Jewels" by Mystic plays)

(spaceship noises)

Ladies and gentlemen, emergency workers report that they have reached Old Town Night Vale, and further report that it is a scene out of a nightmare, assuming you have had the usual nightmare in which Old Town received minor structural damage and debris, with no serious injuries. Emergency workers report that they have treated those who need treating, and have cleared away what needed clearing away. They report that the usual stress of day-to-day life was worse, but now it seems better, and later, they project, it will be worse again. Emergency workers report that they are feeling good about stuff in general, for once. Emergency workers report that they are smiling, and they don't even know why! Emergency workers report a cloud. Just that, a cloud. And isn't it funny how we often don't notice little things like that, they report.

Well, listeners. It seems perhaps that we have come through this day and reached some other side. Not unaffected, no, not unchanged, but here. After all, this Valentine's Day, as all Valentine's Days, will not succeed in bringing our city down. This Valentine's Day, as all Valentine's Days, will soon recede into painful memory, fading with time until another foul Valentine's Day is upon us again. Stay tuned next for me saying 'Good night, Night Vale. Good night.'

Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

18) The Traveler (1 March 2013)

The optimist says the glass is half-full. The pessimist says the glass is half-empty. It is only the truth seeker who wonders, why is the glass there? Why is there water all over the floor? Why is it covering every other surface of the house? Who or what is doing this to us? Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Listeners, a new traveler has arrived in Night Vale. This is not uncommon, perfectly located as we are between several vertices, but this traveler is not one who will be mistaken for those other travelers. You know the ones. This traveler is said to have a foreign face and a handsome, but terrible, beard. He is reportedly wearing a uniform with silver epaulets, golden braid, and buttons of a metallic alloy not describable in our limited color language. This is all very similar to the marching band uniform of the Desert Bluffs Cacti prior to the incident, but the traveler's uniform is not scorched and soaked with blood. 'I cannot say that I trust this interloper very much, and his actions do not give me reasons to trust him,' suggests the Manual on Interlopers, published by the Sheriff's Secret Police. According to the manual, citizens are advised to not speak with the traveler, and to dig a shelter in their garden, or if they do not have a garden, to make themselves into a metaphorical shelter, through vigilance and a positive outlook.

Who can say what agenda the traveler might have? He drives a large and expensive truck. He digs in the desert late at night. He does not seem adequately respectful of forbidden areas, and he has already married Night Vale's third most beautiful woman, Cactus June. He persuaded her to come down from her cactus, and he has married her. I am looking at a photograph of the wedding in the newspaper at this very moment. Now, I am drinking something. (slurping noise, satisfied 'ah') Now, I am eating an enchilada that was just handed to me. (muffled words, chomping noises)

Mayor Pamela Winchell called an emergency press conference today, her fourth this week. After the usual crowd had gathered around, minus those arrested at previous press conferences, she began proceedings by vibrating slightly and staring at the sun for five straight minutes. Once these usual pleasantries were over, she read her statement, which was the following: 'The fences in the caves. A heart throbbing for what it cannot have. A heart not having what it needs to throb. The fences in the caves. Heat from below and above, but all is cold betwixt. The fences in the caves. The fences in the caves.' Then she vanished in a puff of green smoke. Several follow-up questions were asked, but since no one was at the podium, none of them were answers. Many of the questions were rhetorical anyway. After the round of questioning, a few arrests were made, and the chosen journalists were led away to wherever journalists are taken when they disappear forever. All in all, a relatively uneventful press conference.

And now, a public service announcement. The Night Vale Psychological Association recommends that you spend at least thirty minutes each day believing what you see. The NVPA cited a study showing that more than 60% of all citizens live in a self-created dome of obstinence, distraction, and surreal fantasy. When confronted with actual things outside of their own understanding, referred to by the psychologists as 'real life', most test subjects closed their eyes and pretend there was a spider or something on the ground. The study does warn that trusting your own eyes can lead to some dangers. For instance, poltergeists, robots, and humidity may create visual illusions, tricking you into unsavory activities like gambling, and eating non-foods, so that they can gloat at your misfortune. But the NVPA assures us that taking what you see at face value, even if only for a few minutes daily, is the most efficient way to live. It saves the mind from the emotional stress of self-fiction and skepticism.

The NVPA statement adds that you look good in that shirt, and that you should wear tighter clothing. People want to see what you look like under there. They also ask you to touch their back. You don't have to rub it. Just touch it! Just put your hand there. 'God, I miss you so much,' the report concludes.

This just in: the traveler and his wife, Cactus Judy, were seen shopping at the Ralph's just moments ago. He was shaking his head at the fashion of our clothing, and clucking derisively at our telephones and grocery scales.

'We have much better when I am from,' the traveler said, according to one report, which I am choosing to believe. He added, 'That's right, I said when and not where.' He then winked.

The Sheriff's Secret Police, meanwhile, are more than a little interested in the sudden reopening of Jerry's Tacos, located on the corner of Ouroboros Road. You will recall that Jerry's Tacos was encased in amber last summer with Jerry inside. Now it is as if Jerry never transgressed against nature with his enchiladas. The traveler has been spotted in the vicinity of Jerry's Tacos. If I were you - and I do not believe I am - I would be very careful about ordering anything off the secret menu at Jerry's. Definitely do not order anything off the forsaken menu.

And now for corrections. In a previous report, we at Night Vale Community Radio were talking about the commonly-held belief that there is such a thing as mountains. We scoffed at this belief, and bellowed repeatedly, 'It is flat all the way round. It is FLAT all. The. Way. Round.' We wrote lists of friends we knew to believe in mountains, and sent the lists to the City Council, recommending that all of them be put into indefinite detention. We got physically violent with an effigy labeled 'Mountain Believer', punching it repeatedly before burning it in our station's bloodstone circle. In fact, we devoted a full day of our programming to getting together the entire station staff and screaming in unison, 'MOUNTAINS? MORE LIKE NOTHINGS' into the microphone.

Recently, one of our previous-mentioned friends, who thankfully had not yet been apprehended by the Council, took us for a drive out to a mountain. We looked at the mountain, and even touched it, and it was definitely real. Therefore we are forced to admit there is indeed at least one mountain in this world, and we apologize for our previous energetic assertions to the contrary. I'm still not completely sold on there being more than one mountain. It's possible that the mountain apologists built a single mountain in order to prove their skewed world view. Not certain listeners, not certain, but possible.

This has been corrections.

Here now is an update. We're getting reports that the traveler was just seen standing on the tailgate of his truck and addressing a small crowd of curious people.

'I have traveled here from the future. I have saved Night Vale from destruction, and I will save it again!' he reportedly said to the crowd. 'You do not know this because your memories have been changed, along with the course of events. Now that I have altered the past, I cannot return to my own time. I am staying here. I will show you the way. I hope you enjoy my enchiladas.'

The Sheriff's Secret Police said they can bring no charges against the traveler, as Night Vale recently vote to decriminalize time travel. Just what did the traveler mean when he said he saved our town? How will he save it again? We have always trusted in the unknowable purpose of the hooded figures. Can we afford to abandon what we presume is their wisdom, and follow this new prophet of tomorrow?

And now, a paid editorial, sponsored by Yelp dot com.

(humming) Hmmm may hmm may. (whistling) Hmm may hmm (humming and whistling) etc.

This has been a paid editorial sponsored by Yelp dot com.

Here's a look at the community calendar. 8 pm. Thursday at Dark Owl Records, Curtis Mayfield reads from his new book, Where Am I? I Cannot See, Cannot Feel, Do Not Know Where I Am Or How Long I Have Been Here: A Memoir. Friday afternoon is free admission day at the Children's Science Museum. After school, take the kids to the newest exhibit, Frogs: Truth or Legend? They've also installed a new interactive learning room, where young scientists can play freely with such scientific items as paint thinner, nail polish remover, glass cleaner, and a half-empty bucket of grout starter. Saturday has been merged with Sunday to create Superday! Monday will not harm you, but you should stock up on latex gloves, nonetheless. And Tuesday is hornet-free dining at the Olive Garden. More news soon, but first, the weather.

("Jews for Jesus Blues" by Clem Snide plays)

Ladies and gentlemen and those of you not clearly falling into either category, it is my ambivalent duty to report that the traveler is suddenly gone. His photograph has disappeared from the front page of the newspaper. His truck is missing. Some who reported seeing him have called back to say that they must have been mistaken, and that they have never seen anything, that they don't even know how to open their eyes. Perhaps he has leaped again through the stream of time, or passed to an alternate dimension created by the changes he has made to our world. Or perhaps he was surrounded suddenly by the hooded figures, speaking in voices that only the traveler could hear. Perhaps they closed in on him and he panicked as their circle tightened and tightened around him until all that could be seen by horrified onlookers were the hooded figures. And perhaps just as suddenly, the hooded figures were gone, and nothing remained of the traveler except for a pile of indescribably buttons from his uniform, left scattered around the hole in the vacant lot out back of the Ralph's. Whatever happened, I can only say, 'Farewell, traveler.'

In other news, Jerry's Tacos, now and forever, shall be under the management of the hooded figures. Plants in the vicinity of the restaurant have already begun to wilt, and animals and insects are avoiding the area. The restaurant has been renovated to resemble a nine-meter high black monolith with no visible entrance. If we learn of any change in the menu or pricing, you will be the first to know.

Finally, we are pleased to end today's broadcast with some happy news from Night Vale's hospital. There have been several additions to the community. Tuck Wallaby's wife, Herschel, has given birth to an adult man's detached hand, which they have named Megan. The black Dauphin has given birth to a smooth metallic pellet of astonish density. It joins three previous pellets with similarly curious properties, currently being kept inside a safe in the Sheriff's Secret Police's secret police vault. And the beautiful widow, Cactus Jane, whose husband we no longer remember at all, is glad to bring into this world a baby boy she has named Champ. The birth was attended by several agents from a Vague, yet Menacing, Government Agency. Champ is said to be a child with a foreign face and a handsome, but terrible, beard.

Well, listeners, this has been another day, another night, another bit of time in this bit of space. I'm sitting at my desk, feet planted on old, thinning carpet, but in my mind, I am anywhere but. I am above, in the sky above, looking down at our little Night Vale. I see the lights, in grids and curves, and the places where there are no lights, because they are off, or missing, or invisible. I see roads with cars and the cars have people in them, and the people are traveling through the dark in the comfort and light of the cars, and I see all of this from above. I see where the town gives way gradually to the desert, the last few lights from the last few homesteads like stray sparks from a campfire, tossed out into the absolute black of the scrublands and the sand wastes. I see the orbit of citizen around citizen, all these ordinary Night Valeians about their ordinary lives in this singular, extraordinary place we call home. Moving higher into the cold, thin air of the upper atmosphere, I see below me the criss-crossed lines of contrails and chemtrails, the signature of air machines that have long since moved on, the footprint of our civilization upon the night sky. And looking up, I see only the stars, and the void, all a little closer than they were before. All still so unreachably distant.

I have something of urgent importance to tell you, but I will tell it to you later, or I will tell it to you not at all. Certainly I will not tell it to you now. Now, I merely look, from the vantage point of my own imagination, down at a town busy with its own existence. And for now, existence is enough. Stay tuned next for an exact word-for-word repeat of this broadcast, that will seem to you imperceptibly but unshakably different, although you will never be able to explain why. Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

19a&b) The Sandstorm (15 March 2013)

Blinking red light in the night sky. The future is changing, but it's hard to tell. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Listeners, the City Council announced moments ago that a sandstorm will be arriving Night Vale in just a few minutes. They apologize that they did not announce this sooner, but they just kind of let their morning slip away from them. 'You know how it is,' they said in unison. 'You think "Oh, we should announce this dangerous sandstorm, that's priority one." But then you have to get some coffee, and you run into your coworker friends, and the you check your email, and maybe a glance at Facebook, and you just lose track of time. You know,' they concluded.

The sandstorm is projected to be the largest in decades, and meteorologists warned that high winds and debris from the desert could cause millions in damage. They also said that if you're not already inside with windows closed, doors locked, and eyes shut tight, then your future will probably be very different. Meteorologists then warned that raccoons are actually pretty dangerous animals despite how adorable they seem, and never, EVER feed baby raccoons, because the mother raccoon will definitely attack you. 'Have you ever had rabies shots?' the meteorologists asked. 'Oh, it is the WORST,' they continued as the press corps got restless and hoped that the meteorologists would just shut up soon. 'God, meteorologists just don't know when to stop,' the entire press corps moaned.

So, take cover, Night Vale. Hide in your homes and offices, and pretend that mere walls are enough to protect you from nature's might and life's brevity and meaninglessness. Keep your radios tuned in here - we'll keep you up to date.

Hey, sports fans! Assuming we're all still here after today, it's time for baseball season! This Saturday is the minor league home opener for the Night Vale Spiderwolves. They'll be taking on bitter rivals, the Desert Bluffs Sunbeams. The Spiderwolves are fielding a very young but promising pitching staff this year. Fans are especially excited to see twenty-year-old hometown hero Trevon Murphy get his first chance in the starting rotation. Murphy graduated Night Vale High School two years ago and immediately joined the Spiderwolves, just after they discovered that he could use his telepathic powers to cripple batters emotionally, often sending them into weeks-long slumps and fits of crying, even while playing in the field. The Sunbeams have some changes in their team as well. This off-season, they got a new owner and a new manager, because they're terrible. Just terrible.  Who even cares?

And now, traffic. Highway officials are warning all Night Vale residents to stay off the roads. The sandstorm is making travel nearly impossible. We are told that several cars have stalled near the southbound offramp at Exit 6 on Route 800. Traffic officers reported that each car screeched to a halt, and through the rushing sands, they could see dozens of drivers and passengers running into the road, pairing off, and then fighting. They noted that each fighting pair seemed to be of the same build, gender, age, and were wearing the exact same thing. Also, unrelated to the sandstorm, all stop signs and traffic lights have been taken down for their bi-monthly polished. They'll be back from the cleaners on Tuesday, officials said.

Listeners, thank you for your calls and emails. We're getting word that the sandstorm has already begun to hit. Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, called moments ago to say that the sand was thick and really flying fast, but that when it touched his skin, he could hardly feel it. He could hardly feel a thing, that the past was a fiction, and that consequences were a choice. He saw colors and shapes instead of familiar things like stoves and ponies. He shouted a bright confirmation of life up toward the sand-covered sun before gasping and screaming, 'No. Not you.  Not you!' and then hanging up the phone.

Well, thank you, Larry, for that informative report. We'll certainly keep that in mind.

Old Woman Josie has not called, but intern Dana said that Old Woman Josie updated her Facebook page with an Instagram of some runestones. Dana has been furiously translated these symbols, and her best guess is that they say 'They come in twos. You come in twos. You and you. Kill your double.'

There's also a link to this amazing cat that keeps jumping in and out of boxes and oh my god, that is the cutest thing I have ever seen. Dana, you have gotto post that on my wall. Oh my god, he loves those boxes so much!

And now, a look at financial news.

A fallow wheat field, grey sky, cut by black Vs of black birds. There is a child, dragging a hatchet. His eyes cast down. His eyes tight. His eyes white and red and superfluous. He knows not what he sees, but he knows what is there. A single black winged beast, beak cracked, feathers rotting, alights roughly on the child's shoulder. They stop. the bird picks at the cartilage of the boy's ear as if biting secrets into it. The boy groans, not unpleasantly. Heavy slow clouds roll and rise, starkly contrasted against the flickering daguerreotype hills, which stoically keep the poisonous rains at bay. A sudden little river, partially walled by palsied shafts of grain, rolls by. The boy walks into it. He bends forward. His blank eyes stare into his reflection. Neither he nor his mirror knows the other is there, but the bird, the bird knows. The bird cackles, or perhaps cries. Even the bird is uncertain. The boy takes a palm full of the dark water. Most of it runs out through his long, zigzagging fingers. He licks the remainder from his dusty skin.

A sound: like thunder, like drums, like steps. The boy turns and hurls his hatchet behind him. The bird flies up and away. There is a hideous thump. The boy knows not what he has hit, but that it has been wounded. He waits for its retort.

This has been financial news.

This just in, Night Vale: Mayor Pamela Winchell has declared a state of emergency. She has asked that if you are still outside, you return home immediately. A second announcement, shortly after, says that she was lying and that you shouldn't listen to her. She's not the real mayor. I am. A third announcement followed, requesting that you give me the microphone and get away from the podium. This is my press conference, you replicant clown! The press conference then erupted into shouts of 'Phony!' and 'Imposter!' as the press corps suddenly doubled and began fighting itself.

Night Vale, do be careful. I fear the sandstorm to be quite a terrible event. Please, stay safe inside, and should you see yourself, I cannot condone murdering yourself. I just don't believe violence is ever the answer. It is aquestion. The real answer is far more terrifying. So, make peace with your double, Night Vale. Do not be tempted to draw swords or guns. We can get along.

Oh, dear. What...what was that noise? (noises, vaguely metallic) Dana? Is everything okay in there, Dana? Who are you fighting? Dana, put down that letter opener! Dana, put away the...I'm coming in there. Um, let's go to a word from our sponsor.

(clearly pre-recorded) Got a home improvement project? Need help? Incomplete. Having feelings? Strange feelings? Feelings you've never felt? Incomplete. Is your body filled with hot blood, waving curves of sinew, and skin? Can you feel all that blood? Is it even your blood? How can you be sure? Incomplete. Are you dizzy from it all, all of this? What are your hands doing? Incomplete. Where are your hands now? Where have they been? Where are they going? Where are you going? Have you ever broken the surface of something with a hammer? Ever channeled sublime thought into sandpaper? Ever wanted to touch something because you feel things, because touch is the only sense you trust? Incomplete. What is trust? Is making a thing proof that you exist? Is fixing a thing proof that you have transcended mortality? History? Incomplete. Feel things? Feel things? You can do it. We can help. The Hoooome Depot.

Listeners, I have some bad news and some, uh, good news. Dana is dead! But the other Dana is alive, and I don't know which is the original and which is the double. Right now, one of the Danas is standing above her own corpse, panting. I cannot tell if she is grinning or grimacing. When I went in, she had clutched in one hand a broken stapler, and in the other, a printout of this email from...oh, God. This is the bad news I was talking about. An email from Steve Carlsberg. I don't even want to read an email from that jerk, but if printing it out was one of the Dana's final actions, I must honor her efforts.

Steve...ugh. Steve writes: 'The sandstorm is clearly a coverup. I believe this was a government-created project. Our government has long been participating in cloud-seeding experiments, and trying to suppress the people with pharmaceuticals. I believe that this government will stop at nothing in order to...'

(Cecil, angrily) Now you listen here, Steve Carlsberg.  You're not saying anything new, Steve. Of course the sandstorm was created by the government. The City Council announced that this morning. The government makes no secret that they can control the weather and earthquakes, and monitor thoughts and activities. That's the stuff a big government is supposed to do! Obviously, you have never read the Constitution. Okay, sure, government can be very inefficient, and sometimes bloated and corrupt, but the answer is not to complain about everything that they do. Without government, we would never have schools or roads or municipal utilities or helpful pandemics or black vans that roam our neighborhoods at night keeping us safe. So please, Steve Carlsberg, I've had enough of your government-bashing.

And with that, dear listeners, let's go to the...oh my. Look at that. Listeners, there is a black, almost indigo, vortex that has formed along my studio wall. Listeners, words fail me. It is so beautiful. I can't leave you, as our show is not yet over, but there must be something beyond this something, Night Vale. I must see what it is. I must go. I will try not to be long, listeners. I will try not to be long. (fading out)

(buzzing noises)

(different, lighter voice, not our familiar beloved Cecil) Hello? Hello, Desert Bluffs? What is this studio? Hey there, Desert Bluffs. I don't know if you can hear me. Kevin here. I don't know where I am. It's a radio studio, but the walls are darker. The equipment looks much older. Certainly much drier than it should be. The microphone was made...when? Have I gone back in time? Vanessa! Are you in the booth? Listeners, if you can hear me, I am in a strange place. I do not know if I am in Desert Bluffs, or if anyone can hear me. The sandstorm rages outside. The vortex is still there, but it's black, almost a deep blue. There's a low hum. I do not know if this is the portal, or the storm, or my own body. There is a photo here on the desk. It is a man. He is wearing a tie. He is not tall or short, not thin or fat. He has eyes like mine and a nose like mine, and hair like mine, but I do not think he is me. Maybe it is the smile. Is that a smile? I can't say. I do hope he is safe, whoever, wherever he is. I hope I am safe, wherever, whoever I am. It is night. I think it is night. It is night. You may not know me, nor I you, but we have this mic, and this voice, and your warm ears blossoming open to hear comforting secrets in the vibrations of a voice that pulse so deep into your body, your heart relaxes for a time. And we have this, sitting right here on this odd and bloodless desk. So now, dear listeners, whoever you are, I give you...the weather.

("Eliezer's Waltz" by Larry Cardozo, Ron Fink, and Ventura Klezmer Band plays)

(Cecil again) Helloooo? Night Vale? I told you I would be back. It took longer than I thought, but I have returned from whatever horrible place I have gone. Along the way, in the vortex, I saw a grotesque man. A foul devil of a man! And he attacked me! I tried to choke him to death, but I remembered. I remembered what I told you, and I let him life. I let that woeful beast live. I am sure he is not without his wounds and bruises, and I pity that he must return to that awful, awful place from whence he came and to where I most unfortunately visited. But somehow, I am happy that he is alive. That I am alive. That you are alive. That we are alive. Outside, the winds are subsiding, the sun sweeping away our pains. I am sure there is blood staining the streets, the graffiti of our sins, the writings of an immoral but necessary battle, I presume. The bodies of some replaced by others who were - we were - all the same to begin with. And we are healing. Those of us, whoever we are, who survived. Those others of us, whoever we are, who conquered. Whoever you are now, you are home. We are home, Night Vale. You and I are together again. My mouth, your ears: we have each other. And for now, and always, good night, Night Vale. Good night.

[End of Part A]

(KEVIN: light, cheerful) The future is what you make of it! Just know that your supplies are limited. Welcome to Desert Bluffs.

(cheerful guitar music plays)

Good afternoon, Desert Bluffs! This is Kevin, bringing you all your news and good spirits for another gorgeous day in the Bluffs. But before we get too comfortable, there is some news about that gorgeous day. We're getting news that a sandstorm is moving in toward us. Authorities are telling us that it is a doozy, and that we should all stay indoors. Nothing to worry about! Just stay out of the way. It will pass. As with life, and as will all things, it will pass. The sun will be upon us again, and it will be like two mornings in a day. Yes! A two-morning day! A rebirth. A reawakening. What do you think of that, Desert Bluffs? Intern Vanessa did point out that sandstorms can do a lot of damage to cars, and if you have access to a garage, you should bring your car in. Also get those pets inside, Desert Bluffs! We don't want all those cute little puppies and spiders and baby raccoons getting lost out in the sandy breeze. Bring those loved ones inside.

A little factoid for you: Ted, our staff weatherman, says that no one really knows what causes sandstorms. God, he thinks. Or maybe they're just big gusts of wind that carry big things of sand. How much sand do you think there is in the world? There's got to be a lot. A lot of sand. Who even counts it all? Wow! Big questions today, Desert Bluffs. Biiiig questions.

So keep your radios tuned in here, as we'll bring you all the latest reports from today's sandstorm and how you can make up for all this lost time. Hiding from nature is taking away a lot of business productivity, Desert Bluffs, but I'm sure you'll find time to get done what needs to get done. You won't disappoint your town, your home. I believe in you. So mark down the time you spend cowering from the weather, okay? And we'll work that time back into your schedule.

Great! And listen! Get all that time in before the weekend, because this Saturday, it's baseball season again! Desert Bluffs has just a great team this year. New manager Samantha Figgins is not only the first manager to get hired straight out of business school, but she also brings a powerful ethos of teamwork, fun, and responsibility. Last year's Sunbeams team had some excellent games, but they spent a lot of time just sitting on the bench with nothing to do, because only one person gets to bat at a time. This season, Figgins plans to keep her boys active with customers orders and accounts receivable spreadsheets. Baseball is not an individual sport. They're all in it together. As Figgins says, 'It's not about winning or losing or who you're playing. It's about building the strongest possible team...brand.'

The Sunbeams also welcome a new owner in 2013: Strexcorp Synernists Incorporated. Look around you: Strex. Look inside you: Strex. Go to sleep: Strex. Believe in a smiling god. Strexcorp. It is...everything.

Let's have a peek at traffic! The highway department says all roads are running smoothly. Smooooth roads. Smooth concrete. Smooth tires. The slow undulating buzz of cars over slight hills. Hardtop streets gently gliding us all to our jobs and back home. The beat-beat-beat of society's healthy heart as we all play parts in its exquisite body. Oh! I am getting one report that there are several stalled cars in the northbound lanes of Route 800, near Exit 66. Police are on the scene dealing with fistfights in the middle of the road! Now, I can't imagine why in a beautiful town with so many kinds of yogurt stores and pony-petting stations anyone would want to fight his neighbor. So hopefully that gets cleared up soon with a song and a hug.

I wanna thank all you listeners for your calls and emails. The sandstorm came to town more quickly than expected. Lawrence Levine, out in the edge of town development, called in to say that the sand was like sand, but slightly different, that if you touched it, you could feel it, twice. Lawrence said took a scoop of sand into his soft right hand and it was if he had two right hands. He then held the sand with both soft palms and felt four hands, like one of those foreign gods, or the radioactive four-armed deer that seem to be attracted to the new Strexcorp distribution center. Lawrence said he was making a sand angel, and then he saw himself. He said he just walked right up to himself and started making two sand angels. He said that there were two of him, just making sand angels, and that he would happily double his sand angel production today. He hung up the phone laughing like Vanessa had never heard him laugh.

Well, thank you, Lawrence. That was a useful report. Intern Vanessa also tells me she's keeping an eye on Facebook to see if our other neighbors have news of the storm. I see Grandma Josephine posted a photo of a lovely bouquet of white lilies outside her door. Very pretty. Oh, and look at this video, Vanessa! This cat just jumps in and out of boxes! That is adorable. Vanessa, can you tweet that to me?

+ + +

Let's have a look at financial news. The markets are jumping today, really jumping. The markets are up and down, but then back up again, like gravity and our fight to break it. The violent force of impact, ground to heel, heel to shin, shin to knee, and then back up again, muscular might, the threat of flight. A young boy heals his wounds as quickly as they form, jumping and pounding and hitting and soaring. He reaches skyward. The drift of the body disconnected from its earth gives the flutter of wings, not just on the back, but in the belly. The moment between knowing you're mortal and bound to the ground, and then dreaming you have awakened a great power to fly, like those hollowed-out rodents that clog our skies with feathers and fluids. It's in that moment of knowing and unknowing, consciousness and bliss, that the boy sees all that can never be. Upon his return to the flat hard truth, he sees things. Himself. Others, as they should be seen. As his equals.

He gives the jumping one more go, but the magic is gone. Another. Still none. One more, for old time's sake. No. It will never be the same. Well, maybe. One more. Still another. He jumps and jumps and jumps. The jumping makes a sound, like thunder, like drums, like steps. Soon he is old. The ups and the downs lack even the memory of the magic. They have replaced nostalgia with creaking, painful bones. He is old now. Still jumping.

This has been financial news.

This just in, Desert Bluffs: Mayor Pablo Mitchell has declared today Sandstorm Day. This massive sandstorm has already damaged several apartments and malls in the northwest part of town, and it seems to be on course for even more costly wreckage, so Mayor Mitchell announced that we can all take today off of work. Today is a citywide holiday.

A second announcement, coming from a man that looked and dressed like the mayor, said that we can make up some of our lost hours by teaming up with our doubles! The two joined together for an inspirational call to work together with these magical doppelgangers. Is this true, Desert Bluffs? If so, what a blessed and wonderful event, to bring us doubles of ourselves! I am stuck inside - doing a job I very much love, of course - but if I were you, I would run outside into the sandy afternoon air and try to meet your other. How exciting! So make friends with your mirrored colleague, Desert Bluffs! Think of what we could accomplish if there were two of all of us!

(noises) Oh dear. What was that noise? Vanessa? Is everything okay in there, Vanessa? Who are you talking to? Vanessa! Oh! There are two of you! What are you...oh, you're building a new shelving unit. Lemme help you with that! I'm coming in there. Let's go to an important message from our parent company.

(Kevin, pre-recorded) Got something to say? Need to say it? Unfulfilled? Never made sense of what you are, who you were, who you will be? Unfulfilled? Do you forget sometimes about your own skin, your own hair, or other people's hair and skin? Can you make more hair, more skin? Do you need more hair and/or skin? Unfulfilled? Are you satisfied with it all? Do you see it all? What room are you in? What room do you want to be in? How big is your room? Unfulfilled? Have you ever said a thing inside your brain, and then sent it to your hand to move a pencil to write it into symbols onto a paper, which used to be a tree, and then used your eyes to translate those symbols back into the thing you just said inches away in your brain, and then re-said it with your mouth into an ear? Whose ear was it? Unfulfilled? Ever eaten things that made you think differently? Breathed things? Unfulfilled? Feel things? Felt things? We are you. Strexcorp.

Welcome back! Listeners, I have some bad news and some good news. Vanessa and her other Vanessa broke one of the parts of the new shelving unit and I don't think we have anything to replace it. One of the Vanessas cut her head pretty badly. When I went in, Vanessa - I think our original Vanessa - was standing over her with a staple gun and a clean wet rag. She also handed me a printout of an email from one of our listeners. Well, I presume he's a listener. I've never heard of him. He claims to live in Night Vale. I had no idea those folks down in Night Vale could get our tiny little radio station, Vanessa. How wonderful! You know, in all my years, I have never gone to Night Vale. I bet it's beautiful. Really, this whole desert is beautiful. I mean, when it comes right down to it, why would you ever leave Desert Bluffs? How can it get better, really? I wouldn't risk it.

So Steve writes, 'This sandstorm is clearly a coverup.  I believe this was a government-created project. Our government has long been participating in cloud-seeding experiments, and...' Let me stop you right there, Steve Carlsberg. You have hit the nail on the head. Say no more! The government is indeed covering up their involvement, or should I say, lack of involvement in this sandstorm. Honestly, I don't think the government even knows how to orchestrate a project of this magnitude, and of this quality. You need a well-run private business, like, say, Strexcorp, that has not only the faculties and materials to execute a massive geologic and psychedelic storm, but to do so inexpensively, and without tax dollars. Why, without Strexcorp, and companies like it, we wouldn't have trade schools, or regulated behaviors, or insurance, or helpful pandemics, or black helicopters. Thank you for your email, Steve. What a great guy! (chuckles)

And with that, listeners, let's go to...oh my. Look at that. Listeners, there's a white, almost pink, vortex that has formed along my studio wall. Listeners, words fail me. It is so beautiful! I can't leave you, as our show is not yet over, but...there must be something beyond this something, Desert Bluffs. I must see what it is! I must go! I will try not to be long, listeners. I will try not to be long. (fading out)

(a low buzzing noise, and then Cecil) Hellooo? Hello? Night Vale? What is this studio? What is this damnable studio? Night Vale? I do not know if you can hear me. This is Cecil, and I do not know where I am. It is clearly a radio studio, but the walls are covered in blood, and instead of dials and buttons on the soundboard, there is just animal viscera, glistening under the green LED lights. I hope this microphone works. Am I in hell? Dana? (tremulous) Dana, can you hear me? Listeners, if you can hear the sound of my voice, please contact the Sheriff's Secret Police. There is so much blood. It is seeping into my shoes! There are - oh, masters of us all, no! - teeth scattered across the floor. The window into the control booth is shattered and there is a swath of skin and a fistful of long clumping hair hanging from a sharp glass point! I do not know if this is even Night Vale. I know that I can hear the sandstorm raging outside. There is a low buzz and deep hum that might be my own heart ready to tear itself from my chest in horror or grief, I cannot know which. There is a photo, a single photo of a man on the desk here. He is wearing a tie. He is not tall or short, not thin or fat. His hair and nose are like mine, but his eyes - his eyes are black as obsidian and his smile. Noooo. It is not a smile. He must be wicked, this man. Dear Night Vale, please pray in your bloodstone circle for me, and pray too that no one should ever have to meet this vicious wretch of a man.

(weakly) I want to be home, Night Vale. Oh, Cecil, you fool. The vortex! The vortex is still there. But here, it is white. Okay. (stronger) Dear listeners, from this vile, vile place, I leave you to your prison, but before I go, because I am a radio professional and it is sitting right here on this blood-spattered desk, I give you...the weather.

("Eliezer's Waltz" by Larry Cardozo, Ron Fink, and Disparition plays)

(Kevin) Hello there, Desert Bluffs! It is Kevin again. I told you I would be back. I don't know where I went, but I think that I met my double. The vortex is gone now, but as I was returning, I passed a man. A man who looked just like me. I smiled and said, 'Hello there, friend!' I hugged this man, and he hugged me back. We shared a moment in this other world. I am not sure to where that spiral of space and time took me, nor through where I traveled, but I am certain that there must be more to us than just us, and that there is another place, another time, where things could have been different. Better. Worse. But let's not think on coulds and shoulds. I am just happy I am alive. I am happy my other is alive. You are alive. We...we are alive. Outside the winds are subsiding. Our doubles have left us as the sand has left us. The sun is rising again just as it is setting. Our second sunrise collides with the sunset. Let's reflect on this.

Let us reflect on our lives, and where we will be tomorrow. We lost our other selves, Desert Bluffs, but we gained new perspective. Tomorrow, we'll wake again, work again, live again. We are home, all of us, together. My mouth, your ears. We have each other. And as always, until next time, Desert Bluffs. Until next time.

20) Poetry Week (1 April 2013)

'You'll be safe here,' says a whisper behind you. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Listeners, today begins Night Vale Poetry Week, one of our most sacred town traditions. As you know, every citizen is required to write hundreds of poems, non-stop poems. During this time, the City Council lifts their bans on writing utensils, thesauruses, and public descriptions of the moon. And they mandate that everybody uses their municipally granted free will to join in on the fun. Last year, over 800,000 poems were written by Night Vale residents, and then eaten during the Poetry Week's closing ceremonies by real live librarians, who were chained to titanium posts inside double-locked steel cages. Honestly, listeners, I don't think it's a good idea to ever have librarians out in public, no matter how secure the posts or cages are. I know there were no serious injuries last year, but some of you older listeners might remember what happened in 1993, when an unchecked librarian population resulted in the loss of many innocent and screaming book lovers. But that was twenty years ago. Let's not dwell on our corpse-strewn past! Let's celebrate our corpse-strewn future.

On the show today, we'll be featuring some poems sent in by listeners from all over Night Vale. We'll start with this one. Last night, Night Vale's Poet Laureate, Trilety Wade, with clenched teeth and frightened eyes, delivered the opening stanzas for the Poetry Week festivities. Here is what she read:

I fell in love with a hooded figure

who tied my tongue with an ink ligature,

and silently urged I write this poem.

Please believe me I wasn't forced,

through bone telepathy or the code of Morse

to pen this uncoded, un-subversive gem.

On the desert farms, the ghost-eyed maidens make the cheese

while a maelstrom of thick milk falls with ease.

Our punishment? Hot-blooded clotted cream.

The days here pass like cancerous sunspots

and black metal trees can't compare to car lots.

You are in Night Vale. Welcome.

Wade capped off her reading by screaming, 'It is lies! It is LIES!' before separating into minute white particles and fluttering away on a swirling breeze. Like soft snow, she covered our hair and light coats, and like snow, it smelled of fennel and meat. Then, a voice announced over the PA, 'Everything is perfect in our little town. Poetry Week has begun, Night Vale. It's going to be a great one.'

This weekend, the Night Vale Zoo finally reopens after last month's renovations. Among the new features are fences and plexiglass, to separate the animals from each other and from zoo patrons. Zoo officials promise that they focused especially on the tiger, bear, spider, and snake areas in this regard. Another new feature is the sensory extraction room, where a randomly selected zoo-goer will be dropped into a pitch-black, soundproof booth or two straight days, while zookeepers harvest their scent and teach it to genetically improved predators. They've also unveiled a new logo, featuring a swan being eaten by a giraffe, and a new slogan: You go to the zoo so the animals can watch you.  So come join the fun this weekend! Slow-moving children with more than 15% body fat get in free.

Oh, I can't wait anymore listeners. Poetry Week has to be the most wonderful time of the year. Let's get back to some fantastic poems that have been sent in. Some of them are even from our city officials, like Mayor Pamela Winchell, who put her quill to parchment and sent us this lovely stanza.

No one will

Have to be

Anyone

Ever again.

In fact,

It will not

Be

Allowed.

That poem also doubles as recently-enacted legislation, enforced by the Sheriff's Secret Police. Thank you, Mayor! And now, and this is very special, a poem written by the Sheriff himself. Here goes.

The town criers have cross-stitched their mouths shut and stapled their eyes open.

The benches are all broken.

No one sits down anyway.

No one can fit their broken wings beneath their cloaks.

A skin condition that makes its victims appear timelessly sad afflicts most.

Prominent citizens drown in the carpool lane.

Their makeup floats to the surface.

Wine glasses clink together.

They hate each other.

They clink until one breaks and then the other.

There is no such thing as vagrants.

There is no such thing as home.

The sun has a tick.

No one can afford flowers, but the children stand very still in the garden until the cold snap cracks.

Very pretty! Thank you, Sheriff.

And now a poem set in by Erana Panchik, a third grade teacher from Night Vale Elementary. It is called 'Street Cleaning Day'.

Run. RUN. Remain calm. Run.

Where are my children?

Do I have children?

Run. Run. Remain calm. Run.

I know.

I know where.

They will not go.

But what way?

Again, the announcement.

Run. RUN. Remain calm. Run.

They are coming.

I must choose.

I have chosen.

Save myself.

Thank you, Mrs. P! You did the right thing.

Madeline LeFleur, executive director of the Night Vale Tourism Board, sent in a piece of paper that just reads, in all caps, 'TOURISM. IS. IMPORTANT.' Below that is a reddish-brown smudge shaped like an underfed hawk alighting upon a mesquite tree. She also scotch-taped what appear to be three human molars to the page. Y'know, at first I thought, 'This is not poetry. This is visual art!' But that's mere semantics. We are all poetry, Night Vale. Every breath or branch or sigh before another hopeless night of uneasy slumber is itself a verse in a great poem.

Oh, here's a question, listeners! Have you seen those new billboards all over town recently? They have no pictures, just hyper-bright and colorful text that reads '20% off everything! We're going to take 20% off everything! Every thing! We're craaaazy!' There's no store or brand associated with the advertisements, and the Highway Department said there's no record that anyone owns the billboards, or that they were ever put up. 'They just appeared one day, and we all sort of accepted that they were there,' a representative from the city told us. The Sheriff's Secret Police warned that the advertisement appears to be completely literal, and that soon 20% of everything might indeed be gone. They are still investigating as to whether or not we have a choice of which 20% gets taken off and where that 20% goes. Scientists say that the 20% must go somewhere, because of something to do with something called 'thermodynamic laws', but police officials remind us that scientists are comedians, and that they should stick to comedy.

Let's have a look at traffic. Old Town Night Vale resident Katherine Ciel just sent in the following report of what's happening out there on the roads. Katherine writes: On Sunday, a lambent crevice opened up in the street outside my house. By Tuesday, birds were flying into it. 'I probably won't miss you,' my mother said. 'I'm only interested in the end of the world,' I replied. Many find it difficult to breathe without the atmosphere, but we knew how. We just stopped breathing. We're at the Moonlite All-Nite Diner, and they're serving up fruit from the plants growing out of the waitress. The closed sign whispers, 'Please, don't touch me.' We watch bodies fall to the ground outside like deep sea creatures surfacing. You turn to me and ask, 'Do you ever think about suicide?' I look away from you and close my eyes, eat the raspberries to confuse the blood in my mouth. Now you're in the only car in the parking lot at midnight and you're watching me throw stones at the moon, which hangs low in the sky so that he can look into your house. Your sister tried to touch him from her window once, and he flinched. Now he and the oceans watch her with a quiet concern. The lilac sky is trying to rest her head on his shoulder, all trees gradually growing through her. A hummingbird whispers to you, 'Be careful. Under her dress is her skin,' and then builds his nest in the middle of the highway. I look back to you, and you close your eyes.

So, Night Vale, sounds like you should use some alternate routes today. Thank you, Katherine, for that report. This has been traffic.

An update now on Poetry Week: a strange thing has happened, listeners. A note was posted at the entrance to the dog park. I'm told the note is on paper that is black like the ocean of space and the text is, well, it's not white, really more transplendent, radiating its strange free verse message from the dark page. The message reads:

Today they scratched me from sleep, nails unhinged, carving my name in cement. Ash stains my pillow and bruises the shape of spiders climb my neck. Sunlight catches dust and broken glances between strangers dodging desert puddles of something metallic. I'm highly contagious, quarantined to another body I've since infected. I will sleep into you if you hold me too tightly. I assemble your letters, left torn in the pocket of a hospital gown. I stain the paper with sweat. I'm beginning to steal your voice. The voice that lies, dying in the dog park.

The poem is signed with just the letter 'E'. (very serious) Listeners, while I certainly love luxuriating in the language of a good poem, I do not condone entering the dog park. It is forbidden. Dogs and dog owners are not allowed in the dog park. Please, disregard this renegade poet's radical lies and stay away. Oohhh, I fear the damage is done, listeners. Whoever this E is must now know we are all now in grave danger.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

With low interest rates, now is the perfect time to buy a home. Just name your amenity! Every house in Night Vale has a luxurious view of the void. We also have great schools and plenty of spiders! Who wouldn't want to settle down in Night Vale? Seek a licensed realtor to help you find the house of your dreams. Realtors live inside deer. When you find an undersized stag or ailing doe you can catch, simply wrestle it down and knife open the chest cavity. Then let the realtor inside help you achieve your American dream. The head of the Greater Night Vale Realty Association, Russell Swenson, says, 'No one has lived here for years. You're one of them. One of the no ones. A woman is a fire, and no one is invited. Anyone can watch. No one can help.'

(aside) Hey, Dana? Is this a poem Russell wrote for us, or... (rustling)

Ahem. So, start looking today for your new Night Vale home. As the old saying goes, streets swallow their own tails and choke.

(urgent and low) Listeners, oh, this is bad news. The gates to the dog park have been opened for the first time anyone can recall. In fact, no one even knew there were gates. We've only ever seen tall black walls with no visible entrance or exit, but there are gates, and apparently they're just standing wide open. Witnesses say that inside you can see a couple of old tennis balls, some frisbees, and a black stone monolith that is humming a hum that makes everyone who hears it feel calm, and every so slightly more sensual. The City Council issued a statement moments ago, which was a series of ancient glyphs. No one could read the language, but we all understood what it said. It was a dire warning, a warning to the mysterious E. A warning to those by the dog park. A warning to all of Night Vale. A great pain, a great piercing, a great scream that will soon break apart our sky and our lives if this insolence does not stop.

If you are near the dog park, listeners, do not enter it. The monolith, or whatever think you see, is not for you to know. Public property is not for citizens. Stay home, Night Vale. Write your poems. This should be a fun and festive time to write government-mandated rhymes, not storming the shores of hell and bringing us all to war with you. I've just sent intern Dana, or intern Dana's doppelganger to the dog park to warn those who are standing so near to their demise. I only hope Dana is in time to save them.

Let us go now, possibly for the last time, to the weather.

("Get Me Home" by Robin Aigner plays)

Old Woman Josie called during the break and said that the mysterious E is one of the angels, and that the E stands for Erika.

'Erica?' I asked.

'No, no, Erika, with a K,' she said.

'Ohh, Erika, with a K,' I said.

And then there was a weird pause, and then she said, 'All angels go by the name Erika.'  And then I was like, 'Right, right, right,' and then I felt dumb, because that's, like, the first thing you learn in seventh grade transmigration studies. Anyway.

The City Council, in a press conference said, 'Oh! An angel wrote that? Well, okay then. Nevermind. Sure. We'll show you the monolith. Come on in.'

And so those on the streets outside the dog park entered. And the City Councils showed them the monolith, welcoming all with friendly upturned palms. But some witnesses resisted. Their conservatism served them well, for the tall black gates soon closed, vanishing into the smooth onyx walls, taking the dog park visitors with them. No entrance. No exit. There may never be either again.

Sadly, intern Dana - or her double - was inside the dog park when it was sealed, and listeners, I hesitate to tell you, but as a journalist, I think I must. Intern Dana - or her double - texted me a photo of the monolith just before the gates closed. Did you know, there is an inscription at its base. And get this - right here, on this, the first day of Poetry Week, the inscription is a poem. According to the plaque, the poem was written in 1954 by former Night Vale mayor, Danielle DuBois, quote 'In honor of nothing, that should never not be unknown.' The poem reads:

The gentle man in glow light is a candle in his maybes.

His face is a loamy bog.

Do you ever stop to look at all the blood you gather?

Metal haloes spring from your attention.

She said, watch with all your eyes

Lest chance again escape you.

Said, chalk's wasted on blind children,

Wrote today's specials on the board.

What's blessèd entry in this weather?

I heard it tapping, but it doesn't leave a trail.

When you catch a beating heart in the wild,

You hold it squirming and say, 'That is that.'

But the damn thing keeps on movin

'til you squeeze it in your hands.

I know not what the monolith's poem hides, Night Vale, nor if there will be any consequences for my actions today. But, I do know it is Poetry Week. It is only the beginning of our favorite fun and festive time of year. Let's not think about what we're not allowed to know! Let's think about what is safe to know, and let's start with the beauty of our words. So get out those pens and dust off your iambs and couplets.

Also, intern Dana - or your double - you will be missed. I tried texting you back, but now there's just blood, seeping up through some newly-formed crack on my touchscreen, sooo I think that's a no-go. Goodbye, Dana. And to the rest of you, goodbye too, but with the hint of a future hello. Stay tuned next for the sound of some helpless thing being eaten. Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

All proceeds from this ad box go toward covering the costs of web hosting.
21) A Memory of Europe (15 April 2013)

Hang a map of a place you'll never go on your living room wall. Draw new streets. Tear off bodies of water. Wait for news crews to arrive. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Teddy Williams, owner of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, has reported that he is starting an around-the-clock militia watch on the buried city beneath the pin retrieval area of lane five. This watch will consist of a line of patriotic volunteers, armed to the teeth and forming an unbroken perimeter along the whole of the bowling area. Teddy admits that this will make bowling slightly more difficult than usual, and league games may have to be rescheduled or made illegal. But, he adds that this is a small price to pay for safety. The other price for safety is two dollars and twenty-five cents, which is how much he would like every single good Night Vale citizen to pay him for this important defensive service against the unknown, but presumably fearsome and dangerous, aggressors from the buried city.

Witnesses have reported seeing the Apache Tracker out back of the bowling alley, in fervent discussion with a man with a tan jacket. Sheriff's Secret Police report that the conversation was too quiet for them to hear, and reminds all citizens to please hold all conversations in a loud, declamatory manner, facing outwards, and making dramatic gestures to increase both the ease and excitement of their surveillance duties. The Man in the Tan Jacket was described as 'impossible to remember', but presumably a man of some kind, with facial features, and limbs. The Apache Tracker was described as a real jerk, just now, by me.

Listeners, the coming of the first gentle winds of spring has brought me back to my college years, and to the late spring I spent backpacking through Europe. Truly, this is a milestone in the life of any young person able to afford it, and I am thankful for the opportunity. I remember spending a wonderful period in the country of Svitz. Svitz, of course, land of low rolling hills and off-key tones heard on the breeze, is perfect for the visitor with a strong constitution, and a low tendency for hallucination. My traveling partner and I stayed in a lovely two-bed hostel, situated in a plywood shack on a steep hillside. The incline meant that my partner kept rolling into me, and then we would both roll out of the shack and tumble down and down until we came to rest in a ravine full of thorns and fragrant, violently blue flowers, at which point we would trudge up the hillside, settle in, only to have it happen all over again. Oh, we laughed and laughed.

The situation was made stranger by the fact that I don't remember having a traveling partner before or after Svitz. Who was he? Who knows? It all seemed perfectly normal at the time. I also don't know how long I stayed in Svitz, rolling down that hill and climbing up again, what with the tones on the breeze, the intoxicating smell from those flowers, and the fact that it was never any time but the middle of the night, it was difficult to keep track. But, it couldn't have been more than a decade or so. Eventually I was knocked out on one of our falls, and when I awoke, it was in a different country. I had aged by years, and no one I talked to knew where the country of Svitz was, or even had heard of it. Anyway, it was a lovely place, and I would say it's a must-see for any European traveler that can find it.

Trish Hidge, from the mayor's office, called a press conference today in which she stood in front of a large truck, painted in bright neon colors and decorated with flashing lights, and resolutely denied the truck's existence. She continued this denial for several minutes, and through a lengthy round of questioning from the gathered reporters, although it should be noted that many of the questions took the form of just pointing at the truck and raising an eyebrow. Ms Hidge admitted afterwards that the conference was simply a workout for her denial skills, which she says she must keep sharp through constant practice, and which she also says do not exist. She was then heard to deny the sky, the existence of a loving deity, and eggs. 'Eggs aren't real,' she said. 'Nuh-uh. Show me an egg! That's not an egg. What's an egg? Who let you in here?'

Simone Rigadeau, the transient living in a recycling closet in the Earth Sciences building at Night Vale Community College, released a statement today, saying that the world has ended. 'The world ended three or four decades ago,' she scrawled on a Subway sandwich wrapper. ' I don't know what this thing is that we're living in, but it's not the world. Scientists won't investigate it because they're not real. Turkey with extra swiss.'

I think that last bit was already written on the wrapper by a Subway sandwich artist or one of their familiars. Well, provocative stuff from one of the foremost minds in the Earth Sciences building, ever since it was condemned by the city as unsafe, and left vacant. Has the world ended? What would the world ending even mean? And how did Simone get this Subway wrapper, given that all Subway restaurants have many entrances, but no exits? As their motto goes, 'A thousand ways in, no ways out. Eat fresh. Eat so terribly, terribly fresh. Terribly, awesomely, gruesomely, terrifyingly fresh.'

For more on this world-ending story, we now go live to the sound of an aquarium pump.

(bubbling)

Returning now to my hazy and sepia-toned European memories. Another country I recall, with great fondness of course, is the nation of Franchia. Franchia, land of arches. It is fascinating to see how other cultures live, shaking you out of your locked-in Night Valeian ways, and Franchia is a prime example. To see a culture that doesn't even have any people, a country with no population, just ancient stone arches, hundreds of square miles of arches, intertwining and leaning against each other. The wind hollows through the narrow alleyways as the lone traveler, camera in hand, explores the vast, empty cityscape. One doesn't need to be able to speak another language to be able to try your hand at communicating inside the borders of Franchia. Merely call out 'Hellooo?' after long silent intervals, and hear your call echo back from the depths of the knotted, crumbling arches, unanswered. The beauty, oh listeners, of intercultural exchange.

Of course, despite the fun times I had curled up with a blanket through the long nights of Franchia, looking up at the stars in a haze of cheap wine, no visit can last forever. Eventually, I became convinced that I was not alone in the labyrinth, that somewhere among the arches was a beast, stalking me. I would stand still for hours, listening to that wind, searching for the slightest sound of movement off in the distant halls of arches. I fled Franchia, running desperately for the border, finding dead end after dead end before, heart pounding, I crossed into the next country and fell to my knees on the grassy hill of the countryside, the arches having stopped completely at the border. And I swear, listeners, I swear that in the moment of crossing, I felt a single claw graze against my back. I swear, I felt the endless wind of Franchia turnhot and wet, the breath of the beast inches away from my neck. So visit Franchia, but, you know, watch out for the monster that I may or may not have only imagined.

Now, traffic. The Night Vale Department of Transportation has advised us that work crews are slithering on certain sections of Route 800. Commuters are advised to drive slowly in these marked areas, as construction-hatted workers will be roiling on the ground allll over the place, a heaving mass of limbs and lolling, panting mouths. Fines for traffic violations in these marked areas are double. All fines outside of the marked areas are quadrupled, as usual. Also, the DoT has asked me to read the following advisory notice, using their exact wording. So...

SILVER HAWK. COPPERHEAD. AND THE GOPHER. ACTIVATE. I REPEAT, ACTIVATE. EXECUTE MISSION ALPHA NOVEMBER ZULU ZERO ONE THREE. LETHAL PARAMETERS ACCEPTABLE.

I'm not quite sure what that means, but if you understood it, then avoid an annoying traffic ticket by obeying whatever dictate was being relayed. And remember, wear seat belts. They are a cool fashion statement, and easily obtained by cutting them out of your own car and crafting them into any number of accessories.

And now a word from our sponsors.

Seven lights in the window. Seven lights in the hall. Seven lights, seven lights, all in all. Six notes in the melody. Six notes form a dirge. Six notes to rid you of the urge. Five ways of escaping. Five ways all blocked off. Five ways, each one broken and lost. Four words in a whisper. Four words in your ear. Four words that fill you up with fear. Three taps of a finger. Three taps on a wall. Three taps as you try to stall. Two eyes, wide and desperate. Two eyes squinting scared. Two eyes open, yes, but nothing there. One light in the window. One light in the hall. One light, one light, all in all.

Taco Bell. Live más.

To return once more to pleasant reminiscence. Europe is not just about looking at monuments and talking to monuments and licking monuments. It's also about the people. One memorable interaction happened in the little Alpine country of Luftnarp. It had been a long day of train travel and searching for, then checking into, a cold and dreary hostel, and I was in desperate need of a warm meal and some good company. I remember heading down to the local alehouse, where the proprietor stared at me, frozen, with a gaping mouth and grey, ashy skin. So did everyone else in the place. All of their mouths were stretched to almost cartoonish dimensions, outside of the bounds of known medical science. I asked for a plate of whatever they found most delicious, adding a quick 'please' in the local language, to indicate that I was trying to blend in, and was not the usual ugly American tourist. They graciously responded by letting out a guttural rattle, in unison, and by not moving as I walked into the kitchen and devoured some of the less moldy potatoes and a few mysteriously and slightly sour sausages. I left them, rattling away in their local tongue and frozen in a caricature of human terror, feeling like I had not only gained a good meal, but a few new good friends.

Big news in the science world. Scientists announce that they have discovered the world's deadliest spider, a previously unknown species that is as hard to spot as its bite is hard to survive. Apparently the specimen was found when your dead body was examined. They say you were a portrait of agony, your skin a myriad of pulsing, angry colors and - oh, you know what? I'm sorry. This report is from next week. Ah, things have gotten so confusing ever since the wire service has started using time machines. Never mind. No need to worry about that report for a few days.

And now, the weather!

("Sni Bong" by Dengue Fever plays)

Thinking back, ladies, looking back, gentlemen, thinking and looking back on my European tour, I feel a heavy sadness descend upon me. Of course, it is partly nostalgia, looking back at that younger me, bustling around Europe, having adventures and overcoming obstacles that, at the time, seemed so overwhelming, but now seem like just the building blocks of a harmless story. But here is the truth of nostalgia: we don't feel it for who we were, but who we weren't. We feel it for all the possibilities that were open to us, but that we didn't take. Time is like wax, dripping from a candle flame. In the moment, it is molten and falling, with the capability to transform into any shape. Then the moment passes, and the wax hits the table top and solidifies into the shape it will always be. It becomes the past, a solid single record of what happened, still holding in its wild curves and contours the potential of every shape it could have held.

It is impossible - no matter how blessed you are by luck or the government or some remote, invisible deity gently steering your life with hands made of moonlight and wind - it is impossible not to feel a little sad, looking at that bit of wax. That bit of the past. It is impossible not to think of all the wild forms that wax now will never take. The village, glimpsed from a train window, beautiful and impossible and impossibly beautiful on a mountaintop, and you wonder what it would be if you stepped off the train and walked up the trail to its quiet streets and lived there for the rest of your life. The beautiful face of that young man from Luftnarp, with his gaping mouth and ashy skin, last seen already half-turned away as you boarded the bus, already turning towards a future without you in it, where this thing between you that seemed so possible now already and forever never was. All variety of lost opportunity spied from the windows of public transportation, really. It can be overwhelming, this splattered, inert wax recording every turn not taken.

'What's the point?' you ask. 'Why bother?' you say. 'Oh, Cecil,' you cry. 'Oh, Cecil.' But then you remember - I remember! - that we are even now in another bit of molten wax. We are in a moment that is still falling, still volatile, and we will never be anywhere else. We will always be in that most dangerous, most exciting, most possible time of all: the Now. Where we never can know what shape the next moment will take. Stay tuned next for, well...let's just find out together, shall we? Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

22) The Whispering Forest (1 May 2013)

There is a thin semantic line separating weird and beautiful, and that line is covered in jellyfish. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Ladies and gentlemen, several of you may have noticed the new forest that has formed just to the east of Night Vale. It's hard to say how these dense, piney woods have cropped up in a vast desert wastescape, nor how they have grown in only a couple of days, but these woods are encroaching quickly on our little town. Botanists from Night Vale Community College said that this beautiful, lush woodland is called the Whispering Forest, and that while lovely, should not be approached. Officials from the Night Vale Parks Department agreed with this sentiment in a prepared statement wherein they just wrote the word 'no' on a single piece of paper, but with hundreds of Os and maybe two dozen Ns, so it reads kind of like, 'Nnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.' Or maybe it's more of an echoey scream. It's hard to say - they did not include stage directions in their press release. What we do know is this: there is a whispering forest just outside of town, and it should not be approached under any circumstances.

The Night Vale school district announce that schools will be closed all of next week, because nothing really matters, and is anything even real? They cited the ever-widening night sky as the impetus for this decision. 'How can we place any importance on something so insignificant as math or spelling or history when the void has already swallowed our tiny existence? We are ants, crushed daily by the indifferent feet of the universe,and it's just no good anymore! We can't carry on like this,' the school board said, swigging on a bottle of table wine and bobbing their heads weakly. The school board president, an enormous glow cloud that drops animals from great heights and casts a looming fog of despair over all it covers, added, 'GROVEL, MORTALS. PUT YOUR TONGUES TO THE SOIL AND BEG FOR YOUR WORTHLESS LIVES.'

Some parents, of course, are very upset by the decision to close schools, saying that we can't let the vast incomprehensibility of the unknowable universe stop us in our tracks. We have to keep pushing forward. Treasurer of the Night Vale PTA, Diane Craton, said, 'School is a meaningful part of a child's life, and to just shut it down because you're scared of your own insignificance is ridiculous. See? I'm looking at the sky right now!' Craton continued, 'and I'm saying, "You can't hold me back, sky! I can do any- I can- I-"'

Craton then stopped speaking, lowered her loosening fist to her side, and then sighed audibly. She added, 'Nothing is real, I don't think. Whatever. Who cares.' Then she stared back up at the sky, and a single tear zigzagged down her right cheek as she mumbled something about trees having the right idea.

And now, a public service announcement. The Night Vale Psychological Association, in conjunction with a Vague Yet Menacing Government Agency, has asked that all citizens start keeping dream journals. Dream journals can be a spiritually satisfying exercise in understanding your unconscious mind, helping you to fully examine your being, and balance your emotions. They also can be rife with useful data for government officials and corporate marketing executives.

Of course, dear listeners, many of you are saying, 'Well, this sounds fantastic, Cecil, but how do you keep a dream journal?' Good question! I have kept one for years now, and I must say I agree with the NVPA on this. It seems hard at first, because you have to get in the habit of writing first thing in the morning, and also because the City Council's ban on all writing utensils is still in full effect. But once you learn how to create a makeshift non-pen out of a cocktail straw, some cotton, and any number of colorful municipal food pastes, you'll be good to go.

In an effort to educate Night Vale citizens about dream journaling the NVPA has created this helpful how-to. Step one: find a foreign dictionary or hymnal. It is strongly preferred that you choose something in Russian or Ukrainian, but German will work too. Step two: Carve out several pages, creating a secret compartment in the book. Step three: write down your dream in great detail the moment you wake up. Step four - and this is the most important step of all - eat the paper you wrote the dream on, and then place a bird skeleton in the book. Finally, bury the book near a magnolia or willow tree and repeat each day. The sooner you start this process, listeners, the sooner you can start actualizing your existence, exploring your inner self, and the sooner the Sheriff's Secret Police can track down and arrest those vile miscreants who keep dreaming about horses.

More on the Whispering Forest. Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, said that he went out to the Whispering Forest this morning, just to see what all the fuss was about, and said that as he neared the woods' edge, he felt a terrible sense of fear, and began to tremble and sweat. But then he heard a small, ungendered voice whisper, 'You look so nice today, Larry. I like what you have done with your beard. And just look at that belt. Is that new?' And of course, Larry's beard is looking very good, listeners. He finally grew out his old goatee and stopped dying it black. It's now a full, even blanket of soft-looking peppery wisdom, comforting his wise noble face. The forest is totally right. So Larry said he entered the woods, and all his angst just melted away. He felt young and carefree in a way he'd never felt, and the woods told him they loved him.

'We love you, Larry,' the Whispering Forest reportedly whispered. 'You are good, and you look good. Do you want to hang out more? Let's hang out, and tell some jokes! And maybe play games! You are a good friend. Let us be friends.'

Larry said he wanted to stay, but that he remembered that he had cable tv, and didn't want to miss anything just because there was some beautiful nature he'd never explored. So he went home to catch an Iron Chef: America marathon. So, listeners, it sounds like the Whispering Forest is actually pretty nice. I can't imagine what all those academic types and bureaucratic pen-pushers were going on about. Larry made it sound like a really friendly place. I'm going to send intern Richard out there, and see what else we can learn about this fascinating new addition to our landscape.

And now a look at the community calendar. Monday is the opening of the new exhibit at the Children's Science Museum. The exhibit is called 'The Moon Is A Lie'. It explores how the moon is a government-created myth to keep us all from knowing about the ancient alien machinery that controls the oceans. In the hands-on learning room, children will be able to make their own moons out of styrofoam and aggressive propaganda, just like the Masons did.

Tuesday, Buddy Holly returns to Dark Owl Records. There will be no performance or book signing, and no one will see him. He will just hover over music lovers' shoulders and disapprove of their misguided musical tastes. Incorrect shoppers will receive a bout of uncontrolled sobbing and a horrifying chill up their spine from the legendary rock-n-roller himself.

Thursday is Recycling Pickup Day. Paper goes in blue bags, plastic in clear, and any teeth you have lost because of last week's public water mishap should be gently placed in a wooden box and set afire.

Friday at the Night Vale Recreation Center are cooking classes for beginners. Amateur chefs can learn about knife skills, the basics of baking, and a seminar about whether or not deer feel pain or are just sad.

Saturday afternoon is a secret parade. You will know where and when it is ifand when you are chosen to see its secret floats and hear its secret songs.

Sunday is the day we decided last fall we would clean up around here. You promised. We need to clean up, okay, and that's this Sunday. (frustrated) Don't make other plans. You always do that! You are always doing that!

And now, a word from our sponsor.

(marching/churning noises) You cannot see. You grope around wildly as your footing is also unstable. You feel a thin liquid filling your shoes. It is not water - you can tell. A pungent smell of brine, or anxiety. Your hands strike something solid - a wall, you think. It is soft, leathery, but also wet. You keep your hands to the surface and it is moving in and out, like it is breathing. No. More like...spasms. You hear a dull rumble from above, a gurgle from below. You stills ee nothing. The walls jerk back, quickly. You lose your balance and slide down to the floor, which is the same surface, but now the liquid is sloshing past you. (more and more urgent) Something grabs your leg. Something is grabbing your leg. You are being pulled down. You cannot see which way. Madness! Which way, madness.  You scream. But no sound comes from your stubborn lips, your impudent throat. You reach...for what, you do not know. Only that you reach. A blinding flash. A moment of understanding. You are in an empty storeroom, tied to a chair. There are others, but they are hooded and limp. You recall this living nightmare. You take comfort in its familiar pain. You smell fermentation and can hear a dull, unending beeping. someone shouts in a language you do not know. You love your family. You love them.

Welcome to Red Lobster. Come see what's fresh today.

More on the Whispering Forest. Intern Richard called to say the woods are stunning, and the moment he arrived, they were so welcoming.

'Richard, you have lovely green eyes. I can't believe I just noticed them! That shirt really brings out those piercing gems. You also have nice soft hands. Do you play guitar? Would you like to play guitar? Do you like music?' the Forest apparently whispered. Richard reported to me that he wanted to stay in the Forest, but I told him that he still has intern tasks to do here at the radio station, like filing ad contracts, and renaming the wingless insects, but he insisted on staying. Richard told me that his feet started itching at first, and then tingling - a very pleasant tingle. He then noticed grey-brown patches forming along his feet and legs and he couldn't move, and Richard assured me that this was exactly what he wanted, but I have already sent for help. Ladies and gentlemen, for your safety, please, stay away from the Whispering Forest. Do not listen to its hollow compliments, its sappy flattery. Learn from Larry Leroy. Stay inside and watch television! There is no reason to go explore nature. No reason!

So, as I try to find out what has happened to our station intern, let us go to the weather.

("Winifred" by Seth Boyer plays)

Well, listeners. There's good news and bad news from the Whispering Forest. The bad news is that intern Richard - as we know him - is lost to us forever, as are the dozens of first responders, concerned citizens, and curious nature lovers who all went to the Whispering Forest today. To the family of Richard, let me say that I am terribly sorry for your loss. He was an excellent intern, and he will be missed. The good news is that none of those we lost today are technically dead. According to Simone Rigadeau, from the Earth Sciences building at Night Vale Community College, the Whispering Forest is a place where we can all plunge our feet and hands into the cool, soft soil, allowing our fingers and toes to grow and spiral into the earth, quickly and deeply intertwining with themselves, each other, snaking in and through a complex organic network to become one. In the Whispering Forest, everyone is one. Everything. They share each other now.

I know Simone is only a transient who lives in an unused storage closet in the Earth Sciences building and not an actual scientist, but I thought that was a beautiful story, and it brought some meaning to the otherwise meaningless life of an intern. So, rest easy, Night Vale, knowing that we have lost no one today. They have gained each other. They share the soul of the Whispering Forest now, and we will have them, always. Or, at least however long trees live, which I think is fairly long. I'm not really sure. I had a hamster as a child, and it died in, like, two weeks, so meh, what do I know. Stay tuned next for the sound of a rapidly beating heart. As always, good night, Night Vale. Good night.

23) Eternal Scouts (15 May 2013)

We report only the real, the semi-real, and the verifiably unreal. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Here at the station, we have been receiving many calls and emails over the last several months asking us about Khoshekh, the cat found hovering in the men's bathroom. Well, he is doing just fine, and thank you very much for your concern. In fact, he recently gave birth to an adorable litter of kittens. How does a he-cat give birth? Well, how does a he-cat hover in an immobile spot in a radio station bathroom? Some things just aren't meant to be questioned. Most things, actually.

We slipped a note under station management's door, asking if we could keep all those adorable floating kittens. Management responded with a great thrashing behind the closed door of their office, and a localized rainstorm in the break room. We are still working with the station oracle to understand their message, and we will let you know soon what we do with the kittens.

Exciting news from the Night Vale chapter of the Boy Scouts. Two of their members, Franklin Wilson and Barton Donovan, have achieved all the necessary requirements to advance from the rank of Fear Scout to that final and most terrible of ranks, Eternal Scout. The ceremony will take place at an unspecified time today, in the hole in the vacant lot out back of the Ralph's, and anyone is invited to attend. Those who wish to view the ceremony should wear loose-fitting clothing, and tell everyone they know that they will be going on a loooong trip, oh, just somewhere, to clear their heads, y'know? And that they don't know when they will be back, but it won't be for a long time, probably. 'I just have to find myself, and I think the open road is the place to do it,' you should say. 'Don't look for me,' you should continue, taking hold of your loved one's shoulder and maintaining an intense eye contact. 'Don't look for me.'

The City Council voted this week to make death a meritocracy. 'For all of human existence, death has been a communistic sort of event,' the Council said in a prepared statement, and that 'we live in America, where it is not the government's job to give death to every single citizen.' The Council noted that from now on, death would be earned through hard work and productivity, not just as a handout for every resource-sucking freeloader on the street. 'If you want to die,' the Council said, 'you will have to achieve death yourself. Not everyone gets to die, and that's just how it will be.'

The vote won by a small margin, with the opposition split between keeping death universal and others pushing for banning death altogether. Listen, Night Vale, I don't know about you, but I am for this new merit-based system of death. If everyone gets to die, then no one will really value death. I used to be young and idealistic and think that death was a human right, that everyone deserved to die, but now I realize that dying is very hard work. I'm working hard every day, trying to die, but you don't hear me complaining, 'Ohh, government, where's my free death?' No. When I die, I want to have earned it. I don't mean to sound insensitive to those less fortunate, who don't have the means to die without government help, which is why I support our local non-profit shelters, that will help ease our more down-on-their-luck brothers and sisters toward the death they truly want, but just can't afford.

At her regular daily press conference today, Mayor Pamela Winchell extended a warm congratulations to Franklin and Barton for their Eternal Scout achievement. 'Fire is actually cold,' she shrieked. 'It is the cold that burns you.' She went on to produce several colorful balloons from her mouth, which she presented to strange, mute children in the audience, children whom none of the reporters remembered having been there just seconds before, and whom none of them recognized. The children thanked the mayor by vibrating and dissolving.

The Scouts, meanwhile, have continued preparations for their ceremony. The vacant lot out back of the Ralph's is now covered by a thick burlap tent, and the scout leaders were seen rolling several oil drums into the tent, drums that rattled as they moved. They also have put up streamers and a hand-painted banner over the tent entrance that reads 'Great job, Frankie and Barty!' Great job indeed. Oh, this is so exciting! What a wonderful little town we have.

After a long battle with parents over the controversial soda machines in the recently reopened Night Vale High School, the school board has finally capitulated to pressure from the PTA. While the school board, led by the ethereal and menacing glow cloud, refused to remove the machines because of the much-needed extra revenue, they concurred that so much corn syrup was simply not good for students' health. As a compromise, the school board agreed to booby trap the machines, with swinging blades and an electrical maze to promote healthier drink choices and physical activity, which can help burn off all that sugar. To make up for the potentially lowered income from fewer purchases, the school board said they would raise soda prices, remove all water fountains and sinks in the building, and double up the salt in all cafeteria dishes. The school board concluded their announcement with the following: 'ALL HAIL. ALL PRAISE. ALL SUBMIT BEFORE THE GLOW CLOUD.' Then they sprayed themselves and reporters with shaken-up two liters of warm Sierra Mist.

Agents from the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency are having their annual recruitment drive at the abandoned missile silo outside of town next week. Those interested in joining whatever vague but important work they do should submit résumés and head shots into one of several secret drop spots around town. At the event itself, the candidates will be ruthlessly interrogated to determine how they found out where the secret drop spots are, what exactly they know about the agency, and who told them. A representative for the Agency, speaking through a representative, who in turn spoke through a heavily-drugged proxy, said, 'Oh, you know. It'll be a lot of the standard job interview stuff. Asking you to name your greatest weakness so that we can use it to turn the screws on you even tighter, breaking you slowly through a series of hypnotic light pulses and disruptive sound patterns, stuff like that.'

Those who make it through this rigorous process will vanish forever from our lives, presumably to join the Vague, Yet Menacing, Agency in some capacity. Those who fail the process will also vanish. Eventually, given enough time, we all will vanish, even the memories of us corroding and fading.

The recruitment drive includes a potluck lunch, and the Agency mentioned that they are usually overstocked on desserts and do not have enough main course, so...keep that in mind.

If you want to witness the Eternal Scout ceremony, now is the time to run to the burlap tent over the vacant lot out back of the Ralph's. Scout leaders indicate that the ceremony will be starting any second now, although much of the ceremony is out of mere human control, and so they could not give a specific time. Scout Master Earl Harlan said, 'I'm proud to be the first Scout troop to achieve this rank. I'm also terrified to be the first Scout troop to achieve this rank. The two emotions are mixing inside my body and it's confusing. It's confusing.' He shivered. (softly) 'We could have had something, Cecil. Always remember that,' he concluded, clutching my arm before walking, head bowed, out of the studio.

Well, I think we're all both proud and terrified most of the time, and that's because we live in the best town in this county, in this state, and in this nation. That's where the pride comes from. The terrified part is because life is terrifying. It just is.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Losing hope? Hard to see a way out? Hope - losing it? Lost? Lost in a cave? Lost in a cave that spirals around a single obsidian column, lit dimly by a source that does not seem to be either above or below? Hard to see? Scrabbling amongst the rocks for any landmark that might tell you from whence you came to where you should go? Depressed? Suffering from depression? Suffering? Tripped on a rock and tumbling for a painful eternity down the evenly-lit endless spiral? Losing hope?

Six Flags Desert Springs. Just off Exit 64, in Night Vale.

The Night Vale Medical Board announced today that they can't help you. Not if you're gonna keep screaming like that! They also asked that you clean up a bit before you come in. They don't want to get sick! 'One of the major problems we face as doctors is the sheer amount of blood,' said Suzanne Thurgood, publicity director for the Medical Board. 'We get so much blood all over our floors and jeans and copper magnet bracelets. It becomes nearly untenable.' Thurgood added that the best thing to do if you are unable to stop bleeding is to first take a few breaths. Calm yourself. This should help you concentrate on not-bleeding. Then, once you have finished bleeding, come to a doctor's office.

'It's not a matter of medical training,' Thurgood said. 'It's simply a matter of respecting other people.' Thurgood then lit a cigarette and placed it expertly into the mouth of a low-flying hawk. As the bird flew away, a distant clock tower chimed the quarter hour, and a gentle rain began to fall. This has been community health tips.

Reports are coming in that the Eternal Scout ceremony has started, and that herds of strange, mute children are streaming out of the burlap tent, filling all public and private spaces and standing silently, as though awaiting an order from some unknown higher source. The Sheriff's Secret Police advise that the children are creepy and that they are creeped out by them. I myself count five in this recording booth with me, exactly half of them boys, and half of them girls.

Who knows for what purpose these children have come to us, and to what end these actions will take us? Who knows anything, actually, for sure?

Let's go, surrounded and confused, vulnerable and trembling, to the weather.

("Too Much Time" by John Vanderslice plays)

The ceremony is over, dear listeners. The children are gone. It seems we have come through this crisis, as all crises before, safe and sound, the alarm only a false alarm. The children that had surrounded us were not the threat we imagined. After their period of ominous silence, all they did was attack, savagely, dragging many citizens with them into the tent over the vacant lot out back of the Ralph's. Secret Police indicate only ten or so people were taken, and maybe a dozen more killed. How foolish we were to worry. How much of our lives we spend building complex prophecies of fear when the world itself is just the world we have always known and gotten along in.

Scout Master Harlan was one of the ones taken. I hope that he continues to be both proud and terrified, in whichever new reality he finds himself. I think often about the last moments with him, and the things that were said. I think often about many things. Other things, I think less about.

Franklin and Barton, now and forever holding the rank of Eternal Scout, have been preserved, and placed in glass cases out front of the City Hall, a reminder to all who pass of the risks and rewards of bravery, of loyalty, of being a Scout. May all children who see them feel a swelling of pride, except that horde of mute children from some other world. Those children, hopefully, we will never see again.

Listeners, listeners out there, listeners out in the vacant night clinging to my voice as a simulacrum of companionship, remember: fear is just consciousness, plus life. Regret is an attempt to avoid what has already happened. Toast is bread, held under direct heat until crisp. The present tense of regret is indecision. The future tense of fear is either comedy or tragedy. And the past tense of toast is toasted.

Stay tuned now for more voices, more reassuring noise in this quiet world. Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

24) The Mayor (1 June 2013)

The sun has risen. You are awake. This symmetry is not without meaning. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Listeners, I'm receiving word from the Sheriff's Secret Police that Mayor Pamela Winchell has gone missing. After this morning's press conference, where she updated the media on standard mayoral news, stuff like her favorite kinds of rocks and a demonstration on hatchet sharpening, she walked to her office and then...disappeared.

Trish Hidge, one of Winchell's staffers, said, 'Mayors can disappear! It's not a big deal. She disappears all the time. She can fly and turn into a horse too. It's perfectly within her rights as mayor to turn invisible, to disintegrate into a thin cloud of imperceptible existence.' Hidge continued, 'In fact, I can disappear if I want to. Because I work for the Mayor, I have all of the Mayor's powers. I just don't use them all the time - out of respect for the Mayor.' When pressed by reporters to show her powers, Hidge reluctantly agreed, saying, 'Eh, just this once,' and then standing in place, visibly straining, eyes bulging, cheeks reddening. There was a long, uncomfortable silence before Hidge said, 'Well, I can't do it with everyone watching. Turn around, okay?' But then, before anyone could turn around, she vanished, leaving behind only a light white puff, like baby powder, a faint smell of olives, and an echoing voice that said, 'No, wait, wait, I got it! See?'

If anyone has any information on the Mayor's whereabouts, please contact the Sheriff's Secret Police, or just speak into any phone. They are all bugged, of course.

The Night Vale Community Theater is proud to announce the opening of their long-awaited production of Once On This Island. The location and cast are a secret. Curtain is promptly at 8 o' clock, and those seeking autographs of cast members after the show should ask themselves why signatures are valuable and what that particular kind of transaction even means.

The Night Vale Daily Journal has indicated their intention to review the musical, as soon as they can find out where the performances are taking place. They are interrogating anyone who might provide them with the necessary information.

I am myself an aficionado of the theater, having once played the role of Pippin in a high school production. The musical being produced was actually South Pacific, but our director had a real flair for experimental theater, and felt the addition of characters from other famous plays would spice things up. He also hid dangerous traps all throughout the set in order to keep us on our toes. Oh, it was a wonderful couple of months, preparing for and performing in front of parents and friends, and those of us who were left at the end of it felt like we had truly been through something, something we would never forget, not even in the middle of the night, staring blankly into the darkness, sweaty, pallid, trembling.

Students and seniors receive a 10% discount on all tickets to the hit musical.

Here's a public service message to all the children in our audience. Children...the night sky may seem like a scary thing sometimes...and it is. It's a very scary thing. Look at the stars, twinkling silently. They are so far away that none of us will ever get to even the closets one. They are dead-eyed sigils of our own failures against distance and mortality. And behind them, just the void, that nothingness that is everything, that everything that is nothing. Even the blinking light of an airplane streaking across it does not seem to assuage the tiniest bit of its blackness, like throwing a single stray ember into the depths of a vast Arctic ocean. And what if the void is not as void as we thought? What could be coming towards us out of the distance? Insentient asteroid with a chance trajectory? Sentient beings with a malicious trajectory? What good could come of this? What good, children, could come of any of this? Fear the night sky, children, and sleep tight in your beds, and the inadequate shelters of blankets and parental love. Sleep sound, children.

This has been our Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

More on our missing mayor. Listeners, this might be worse than I could have imagined. I'm receiving word that Old Woman Josie and a gentleman that may or may not be an angel friend of her - depending on whether or not angels are real, or if they are real, but aren't really friends with Josie, or not real but suddenly became real because Josie willed them into existence. However it is, Josie and her exceptionally tall winged friend saw Mayor Winchell this morning near the Moonlite All-Nite Diner, talking to a man in an offensively cartoonish Native American headdress.

Listeners, that is most certainly the Apache Tracker, and look, I don't know what he is up to, but everywhere he goes, nothing good happens. For instance, last time he went to the Post Office, they had to spend months cleaning the blood off the walls and hire who-knows-what kind of specialists to stop the disembodied screaming from every darkened corner. I mean, what kind of contractor even specializes in removing screams? Well, besides Shriek-Tronics, of course, but they moved their offices to several miles deep underground, and mostly just generate earthquakes for the government these days. The point is, the Apache Tracker, despite his recent unexplained transformation into a real Native American, is not who he claims to be, and is not a trustworthy individual. I can only fear the worst for Mayor Winchell.

Old Woman Josie said she saw the two in a heated discussion that culminated in the Apache Tracker opening a leather briefcase, which in turn released a thick cloud of black flies - more than you would think could fit into a normal-sized fly briefcase. The man with the insensitively feathered headdress then got into the backseat of a black sedan. Josie said she saw the driver clearly, and recognized him, but could no longer remember any details about his face. Josie did not see where the mayor went, though, as her possible angel friend was spending a lot of time explaining why an unassisted triple play in baseball is so rare, and she got distracted, because it seemed like a really important story, and she didn't want to seem rude.

Listeners, we have contacted the Sheriff's Secret Police. If you see this black sedan, the mayor, or have any other information, including light and citrusy dessert recipes for our upcoming special on fresh summer cuisine, please, contact us immediately.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Listeners, are you lost? Don't know where to turn? Might I recommend (echo-y, eerie) the brownstone spire? Do you need cash? Cast your eyes to the brownstone spire. Alone, drowning in back taxes and legal problems? Look at the brownstone spire. Night Vale's newest spire, built in the night several weeks ago by unknown agents, or aliens, or animals, or just our collective imagination, the brownstone spire offers itself to all those who are destitute, or down on their luck, or simply being crushed by the consequences of their own maleficence. The brownstone spire does not care. The brownstone spire does not discriminate based on petty morals. Divorce? Out of work? Give yourself to the brownstone spire. You might be asking, how much does it cost to receive help from the brownstone spire? I can assure you it does not cost aaany money. It costs...other things. But if you're concerned about what those costs are, then you are not in enough trouble for the brownstone spire. You just need a lawyer. But, if you are filled with glass shards of regret - the brownstone spire - or screaming impotently at an indifferent moon, then no need to look! The brownstone spire will find you.

The brownstone spire has a slogan. (weird doubled voice) It cannot be pronounced.

This message was brought to you by Wendy's.

During the commercial break, listeners, we received several calls from drivers saying that they saw the Apache Tracker in a black sedan, but that the mayor was not with him. He and his driver, who they couldn't describe, were standing outside the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, still, unmoving, a swirl of dust and smoke spiraling slowly about them, a soft rumble below the sand, and the visceral tension of something about to burst. So much bad news with those two men, Night Vale. Stay away from the Fun Complex, if you can. Not only these men, but there is also that secret civilization living under lane five that is planning a great war against us. On the other hand, tonight is dollar beers and free jukebox tokens. Listen, you do what you want. It's your choice. But I'm just saying, that Apache Tracker or whatever he likes being called...I mean, if you knew someone who was always affecting a derogatory accent or told racist jokes, you wouldn't be friends with them, right? So, who would hang around this guy? What. A. Jerk.

Still nothing on the mayor, dear listeners. The City Council has even become upset over this. They have been on the steps of City Hall, pacing and howling in unison like elephants in mourning. Listeners, I know we don't always agree with the mayor, and sometimes we just despise our elected officials because of the artifice of political parties, or because they don't represent every one of our very specific interests, or because they are a different species, or have frightening supernatural powers and threaten violence against innocent citizens. I understand all of this. No politician is perfect, Night Vale. But Mayor Winchell has overseen some great moments in our town's recent history. She increased funding for the cancer ward at the Night Vale Hospital, and now anyone who wants cancer, can get cancer! Whether or not they have health care or a reason to live! She regularly visits Night Vale Elementary School classes to promote youth literacy by reading children's classics like Murakami's The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, or any number of Cormac McCarthy's novels. She has been controversial, to be sure, but she is our leader, our parent. She cares very much about us, Night Vale, and when she jails or tortures someone without just cause or due process, it is because she loves this town sooo much. Let us find our mayor, Night Vale. But first, let us go to the weather.

("Biblical Violence" by Hella plays)

Listeners, moments ago, Mayor Winchell was found. She was holding an impromptu press conference. The press had to stay at least five hundred feet away from her, as she was standing at the edge of the dog park, and no one except hooded figures and city officials are allowed that close. Mayor Winchell apparently set up a podium and quietly delivered a prepared statement without a microphone and no one could hear what she had to say. Two hooded figures were standing behind her. But listeners - ooooh, listeners, do we ever have a scoop. Former intern Dana, who I thought had been lost forever after she was swallowed up by the dog park two months ago, well. She texted me just now, from whatever plane of existence she's on. Dana is still alive, and in the dog park, and she heard the mayor's speech. And it turns out, Mayor Pamela Winchell is stepping down by year's end.

Other reports indicated the mayor concluded by lighting the podium on fire, kicking it over, and climbing the twelve-feet-high, smooth obsidian walls quickly, gracefully, like a salamander, and then shouting several things that sounded like Russian vulgarities. The hooded figures stayed outside the dog park and stared down reporters, who grew grey and hunched with melancholy. Many began wailing and clutching their eyes.

Listeners, first of all, it was so nice to hear from Dana. We miss her so. I tried emailing her back, but my thumbs began to burn and blacken, and blood began trickling from my nose as I wrote, so I had to stop. Hopefully, we will see Dana again. Time is weird. So is space. I hope ours match again someday.

As for the mayor, well, this is surprising. Did the Secret Police force her hand? Some Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency? Would this have anything to do with the Poetry Week incident, where actual Night Vale citizens, like Dana, got inside the forbidden dog park? Or maybe it was simply the mayor's choice. It's actually a good way to go out. The last six mayors were all executed quite publicly and creatively. Remember that many junior high students still learn about the skeletal system from the late Mayor Tom Garmin himself. So, to get to announce your own retirement is pretty excellent. Maybe Mayor Winchell needed to spend more time with her family, or maybe she has been exiled to the dog park for sins yet unknown, or maybe she plans to grow into a tree by joining the collective life force and single shared soul of the Whispering Forest, which has become a very popular lifestyle choice these days.

All I know, Night Vale, is that we should all be so lucky to set our own futures. Dana did not. I don't know that I will. Each day the sun rises and sets. The moon pulls the tides. Our hearts beat. Our loved ones love us back. And we share our inhales and exhales with the great organism that is our tiny planet. But, as you watch the sun rise again tomorrow morning, think to yourself: past performance is not a predictor of future results. And then force a smile, drink another cup of coffee, and try not to look down as you walk across the soil that will eventually fill your lifeless lungs and repurpose your corpse. Each day that is, is a blessing, Night Vale. And now, stay tuned next for the popular radio game show, Wait, Wait, Don't! No, Don't! Please, Don't!

Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

25) One Year Later (15 June 2013)

A friendly desert community where the sun is still hot, the moon still beautiful, and mysterious lights still pass overhead while we all pretend to sleep. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Word is in about a disturbance at the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex. There has been the sound of chanting and machinery from under the pin retrieval area of lane five, and Teddy Williams has changed all the bowlers' names on the electronic scorecards to THEY ARE HERE. This is causing some confusion, and has completely ruined Jeremy Godfrey's fiftieth birthday party, which had rented out a few lanes for the afternoon. Jeremy was last seen drinking a light beer out of a plastic cup, shaking his head sadly as he swished the liquid around, and looking out the window at the sky - mostly void, partially stars. Teddy Williams was last seen howling, commanding his militia to surround the pin retrieval area and prepare for an attack. And Carlos - sweet Carlos, brave Carlos - was last seen approaching the entrance to the underground city, saying he was going to get to the bottom of this, that someone had to, and that Teddy Williams was deranged. Teddy Williams was then last seen saying, 'Oh yeah? Oh yeah? Say that to my face, big shot!' But Carlos, my poor Carlos, was already gone.

I fear, Night Vale. I fear for what we know. I fear for what we don't know. I fear for what we don't yet know that we don't know. The Apache Tracker stood outside of the bowling alley, glowering at the entrance and shaking his head. I remind you that this is the white guy who likes to dress in a cartoonish approximation of a Native American, and claims to have mystical powers. He's a real racist jerk, and no one likes him. And the fact that he recently disappeared and reappeared as an actual Native American changes nothing. And neither does the fact that he can now only speak Russian. He is still the same embarrassment to our town he always was. Anyway, he's glowering at the entrance, arms crossed, wearing one of his stupid plastic feather headdresses.

But, back to Carlos.

Carlos, the scientist. Perfect of stature and bearing, perfect of tone and taut, and time having fixed what the barbarous barber Telly so treacherously snipped away, perfect of hair. One year. One year later. Listeners, listeners! One single year since two major events in our town's history. First, the opening of our lovely state-of-the-art dog park, which is forbidden, and which I will not mention again. Second, and most important, it is one year since the arrival in Night Vale of our most beloved and singular citizen. He came to us to investigate our town, because, he said, it was scientifically extraordinary, and downright bizarre. We had no idea what he was talking about, but with his golden voice ringing out from the bell of his mouth, who among us could argue with the content of such perfect speech?

Ohhh, just one short year ago. I had arranged a small ceremony to mark this occasion, and invited Carlos to attend. However, it looks like he will be...delayed. But, I am not worried. I am not upset. (increasingly upset and tense) I know that Carlos will be here for the ceremony. I have the trophy here in my hand. I am holding the trophy and I am not upset. Carlos will be here. He WILL. I am HOLDING the trophy!

In other news, a commercial airliner appeared today inside the home of surprised Night Vale citizen Becky Canterbury, who said she was about to get into the shower when it roared down the hallway and then disappeared, as suddenly as it had arrived. There is no conclusive evidence that this is the same airliner last seen in the Night Vale Elementary gym one year ago, but we have jumped to that conclusion, and will defend it against all naysayers, violently and without mercy. Our truths may or may not be true, but they are ours, and we stand by them, even as the experts and skeptics hold aloft clipboards and intone to us about snow and mountains. Becky added that she would like to take that shower now, and that she has no idea how we managed to arrive for an interview mere seconds after the incident occurred.

(sort of country accent) 'Mah doors are locked!' she said. 'Mah windows too! I've had mah eyes shut for years! How did you get in here?'

The local chapter of the NRA has begun market testing some possible new slogans. These include:

'Guns don't kill people - blood loss and organ damage does!'

'Guns don't kill people, people kill guns'

'A list of things that kill people: one - conceivably anything! Two - not guns!'

'Guns don't kill people, we are all immortal souls living temporarily in shelters of earth and meat'

And, 'If you say guns kill people one more time, I will shoot you with a gun, and you will, coincidentally, die'

To vote on the new slogan, simply fire a gun at the object or person that best represents your choice.

Parents, let's talk about safety when taking your children out to play in the scrub lands and the sand wastes. All children in Night Vale are missing this week, so there's no current safety issues. (cheerily) Hope we find 'em!

OH HAPPY DAY. I have just received word that Carlos returned from the entrance to the city, gesturing to everyone around and asking them to follow him. He led them into the pin retrieval area, which is not an easy place for a crowd, so there was a lot of crouching and saying 'Excuse me. Excuse me!' But soon enough, they were all arrayed on the cliff top, overlooking that dreaded subterranean metropolis. Teddy Williams, and his militia, and the folks that had come for Jeremy's birthday, and Jeremy himself, still holding his plastic cup of beer and leaning morosely against the wall, pointedly refusing to look where everyone else was.

This was the first time most of them had seen the city. It seemed so distant below them, its strange spires small and far away. The windows in the buildings alight with the fire of hostile life were tiny dots from where they stood. They could hear the footsteps of the approaching army. The chanting! Many of them quaked with fear, but not Carlos. My brave Carlos stepped out into the pit, climbing down the slope. At first, onlookers were horrified at his lunatic descent. Then, they were confused, as he got to the city much faster than they expected. And then, there was panic, as their eyes told them a story they could not understand, let alone believe.

'Behold, said Carlos, standing in the center of the underground city, 'this is not an enormous city miles below the earth. It is a very small city about ten feet below the earth, populated by tiny people, who have had to spend a year slowly climbing the ten feet to our world!'

He gestured at the spires, which came up approximately to his knees.

We have nothing to fear.'

Well. If Carlos says it, I will happily repeat it. We have nothing to fear, and never did.

The City Council would like to remind you about the tiered heavens and the hierarchy of angels. The reminder is that you still should not know anything about this. The structure of heaven and the angelic organizational chart are still privileged information. Also, angels aren't real.

'I really get tired of having to say this!' a City Council representative said to a group of disgruntled angels. 'Angels aren't real! They just aren't!'

The angels became unruly, and were dispersed by a thunderclap from heaven.

(papers rustling, background noises)

Oh. (Cecil sounds tearful and shaky, pausing between each sentence) A truly fearful thing has happened, listeners. Carlos, standing triumphantly in the toy-scaled city, was attacked by tiny people using projectiles and explosives. He fell back to the side of the small hole in the pin retrieval area of lane five. Blood...welled through his shirt...and here I am, stuck in my booth, useless, only able to narrate and not to help. (almost crying) He staggered, fell to his knees...so much blood. He collapsed completely.

Curse this town, that saw Carlos die. Curse me. Curse it all.

Let us take a moment to...let us...take this moment...Ladies and gentlemen, let us mourn the passing...

can't.

I can't.

I am still holding this trophy. I...

We go now to this puh...pre-recorded public service announcement.

(mic noises)

(normal voice) Scientists and science in general would like to remind you that some things exist and some things do not. Usually you can apply the simple test of seeing if it is there. If it is there, it exists! If not, it probably doesn't. But, it might just be currently existing somewhere else! Existence is tricky, these scientists say. Research shows this. For instance, there is that house in the housing development of Desert Creek out back of the elementary school - the house that doesn't exist! It seems like it exists, like it's just right there when you look at it, and it's between two other identical houses, so it would make more sense for it to be there than not. But, it does not exist.  They have proved this with science! The scientists still haven't gotten up the nerve to ring the doorbell and find out what happens. Do you want to do it? They'll pay you $5 if you do! Just ring it once, okay? We'll be watching from back here. You'll probably be fine.

(tearful Cecil) Ladies, gentlemen, how wonderful. Carlos is not dead at all! It seems that the Apache Tracker ran in, crouching awkwardly through the pin retrieval area and shouting 'Nakonetz, moyo vremya prishlo!' (Finally, my time has come!*). He leapt into the pit, trailing his offensive feather headdress, and heaved Carlos up in a mighty bear hug, carrying him out of the pit while being attacked viciously by the miniature citizens of the miniature city! Even Jeremy, upset still about his ruined birthday party, couldn't help but cheer as the formerly false, now real, Native American laid Carlos safely on the linoleum floor. Teddy Williams, who of course is also a licensed doctor, as all bowling alley owners are required to be, checked his wounds and indicated through a series of rhythmic hoots that Carlos will be, in fact, okay! He's okay! Never before in my career as a broadcaster have I gone through such a roller coaster of emotion and fear. To think that I had lost that most precious thing to me, the presence of Carlos in my life, and then to have it brought back, so that I could appreciate it all the more. Oh, Carlos.  All the words I would never have said to you. And the news that the city is only a miniature city only ten feet down, well, that was startling as well. But, it appears that all is well. And so I say to you, with a heart singing its way from heavy to light, good night, Night Vale, good...

Oh no!  I have just been handed a note. Oh. This is not good news. Ladies and gentlemen, in his valiant rescue of our beloved Carlos, the Apache Tracker was mortally wounded. He is bleeding profusely and it is getting all over his fake feather headdress, and he says that even his ancient Indian magicks will not help him, which of course they won't, because they're not real. Listeners, how could I have been so wrong about this man? A racist embarrassment to our town? Maybe. A real jerk? Yes. But he also was a man with Night Vale's best interests at heart, who worked closely with the angels and the mysterious Man in the Tan Jacket to protect us from the miniature city under the bowling alley. And he, at the cost of his own life, saved Carlos. Carlos breathes and soon the Apache Tracker will not.

Tell me nothing else, and still I will tell you: here is a good man. Here is a good man dying. Here it is, the end of a good man's life. The Apache Tracker spoke, not in a hoarse whisper, but with a clear ringing voice, addressing the sky hidden behind the styrofoam panels of the ceiling. 'Ladno, ladno. Ya znal, eto sluchitsya. Ty mozhesh vzyat' moyu mashinu.' (Okay, okay, I knew that it would happen. You (familiar) can have my car now.*) He said this, and then he died. The Apache Tracker is dead, Teddy Williams confirmed. Jeremy is slumped into a folding chair, kicking his feet and saying, 'This is the worstbirthday party anyone has ever had.'

Good night, brave Tracker. Good night. I thought you were one thing and you were another. It is likely I will learn nothing from this. And oh! A message on my phone! Carlos wants to see me. He says to meet him at the Arby's parking lot. Um. I am not sure what scientific exploration now needs the services of my radio audience, but I will dutifully go, dutifully meet him, and as I go, let us all go. Go now...to the weather.

("Sunday Morning Stasis" by Joseph Fink plays)

I arrived at the parking lot to find Carlos perched on the trunk of his car in flannel and jeans, his perfect hair mussed, his perfect teeth hidden.

'What is it?' I said. 'What danger are we in?! What mystery needs to be explored?'

He shook his head. 'Nothing,' he said. 'After everything that happened...I just wanted to see you."

My heart leapt. My heart soared. My heart metaphorically performed a number of aerial activities and literally it began to beat hard.

'Oh?' I said, my voice more tremble than word.

Carlos looked at the setting sun. 'I used to think it was setting at the wrong time,' he said, 'but then I realized that time doesn't work in Night Vale, and that none of the clocks are real. Sometimes things seem so strange, or malevolent, and then you find that, underneath, it was something else altogether, something pure, and innocent.'

'I know what you mean,' I replied.

Somewhere, the tiny people of the city below have arrived in Night Vale, and are beginning their war against us, having already shown themselves capable of murder. Somewhere, a man in a tan jacket is whispering into the ears of our mayor, and we do not know what agenda they pursue. Somewhere, the body of the Apache Tracker lies cold and still, never to speak of ancient Indian magicks again. This all happens somewhere else.

But here, Carlos and I sat on the trunk of that car, his car, looking together at the lights up in the sky above the Arby's. They were beautiful in the hushed twilight, shimmering in a night sky already coming alive with bits of the universe. One year later. One year since he arrived. He put his hand on my knee and said nothing, and I knew what he meant. I felt the same. I leaned my head on his shoulder. We understand the lights. We understand the lights above the Arby's. We understand so much. But the sky behind those lights - mostly void, partially stars? That sky reminds us we don't understand even more.

Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

26) Faceless Old Woman (1 July 2013)

Trumpets playing soft jazz from out of the dark desert distance. They come tomorrow. It is too late for us. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Did you know there's a faceless old woman who secretly lives in your home? It's true. She's there now. She's always there, just out of your sight. Always just out of your sight. Because you cannot see her, you were probably completely unaware that this woman likes to sift through photos of you and your loved ones. She softly touches each face, as if wishing it were her own, or perhaps claiming it as her own, or perhaps simply cursing that person. It's hard to say. You've never seen her doing this.

The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home does lots of things. Ever wonder why your web browser's history is filled with Bing searches for, quote 'pictures of dead wolves' or, quote 'the melting point of birds'? Or why sometimes your shower drain gets clogged with organ meats? Or why sometimes you hear crying from behind the walls? Or scratching at the front door? Or you awaken to find long silver hairs on the pillow next to you? Or maybe you've never noticed any of those things. You've lived your life to this point completely oblivious to this old woman who has no face. And truth be told, I think she's probably harmless. But maybe you shouldn't sleep in your home anymore, just in case.

Ladies and gentlemen, Dana has continued to send me texts from beyond the tall black fences of the dog park. Even though the dog park is forbidden to citizens and their dogs, Dana managed to get in, and is now trapped there for who knows how long? First off, she says she's okay. She says she has met some nice people and she's never bored. She met the Man in the Tan Jacket, who has been haunting this city for the past few months. In fact, Dana says the Man in the Tan Jacket is quite nice, and they've really struck up quite a friendship. She's still trying to figure out what the man's involvement is with the hooded figures and the recently deceased Apache Tracker and the tiny underground civilization of warmongers who live below lane five of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex. He has seemed to pop up in relation to a lot of strange events.

She's also trying to figure out what he looks like. Every time she steps away from that guy, she can't remember a thing about him, just that he's wearing a tan jacket and carrying a deerskin briefcase. Oh, and that briefcase is kind of weird, Dana says, because it's full of flies. And that's kind of creepy, at first, until you realize that he's a fly salesman, and that they're all trained. They can retrieve mail, and speak German, and play dead, and all kinds of cute things. She says he's a pretty cool guy, if you get to know him.

Oh, and I almost forgot. Dana wonders if any listeners with a good arm can get kind of close to the dog park and throw some beans or chips or beef jerky or something over the tall fence. She's very hungry. In fact, it took me a while to get through her typos, listeners. She must be shaking really badly.

And now, a public service announcement from the Greater Night Vale Medical Community. Are you feeling run down? Even after eight hours of sleep? Are you having trouble breathing between the hours of 2 and 4? Are you gaining several extra pounds of weight, only to lose those pounds suddenly and then gain them back, all in five- to six-hour stretches of time? Are you craving soil, like, allll the time? Rich, dark soil that you just want cooling your tongue, filling your throat, your sinuses, your lungs, your belly? Are you digging up the earth in the early morning, screaming at the half-formed sun as if it would cordially leave, returning you to the darkness you so richly deserve and psychologically demand? If you answered yes to all of those questions, then you're fine! The program is working. All tests have been successful, and Phase Four is imminent.

This has been community health tips.

More on the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home. She has issued a statement to the media just now. Here is that statement:

(Faceless Old Woman) I'm confused. There's no sense to how you organize the objects in your fridge. I cannot determine any sense of order. What systems do you use to contain your vegetables, your cans, your jars, your food stains? There are stains, organic brown and pink smears that tell the esoteric history of your food. I like the yellowish one near the crisper because I think it is the oldest. It has a topography.

Although I do not like all these bugs you have in your home. I like some of them. I also changed your sheets. You do not change your sheets enough. I do not think you are unsanitary, but I think you would feel better if you changed your sheets from time to time. And time is weird, because it does not exist for me in the same way, so your sheets are already covered with your bones and hair and blood, but not yet. Not really yet.

I wish you could see me, just cleaning and reorganizing, making sense of the nonsense plants and muscles in your fridge, but you never look. If you would just glance left or right every so often, you'd see me. I'm right next to you, right now. I'm even in the mirrors, but you just stare at yourself, staring only at your overripe potato of a face. I'm there in every mirror, if you could just look for me in the back corner behind you. Also, what's your wifi password?

(Cecil) So, that's the Old Woman's special announcement. I have no idea how we received that recording, who recorded it, or how an old woman with no face, and by extension, no mouth, could speak so clearly. But, it was very informative. Maybe you should try paying more attention when you're at home, or better yet, destroy all of your mirrors. As my mother used to tell me, 'Someone's going to kill you one day, Cecil, and it will involve a mirror. Mark my words, child.' And then she would stare absently through my eyes until I giggled. Ah, I miss her so much.

Listeners, a lot of you have written in asking for photos of Khoshekh, the station cat, and to learn what became of his litter of kittens. Station Management did not let us keep the kittens, but they have been given away to good homes. Unfortunately, like Khoshekh, the kittens are also stuck, floating in fixed points in space, so their owners will have to visit them right where they were born, right here in the station bathroom. Khoshekh hovers about four feet in the air, but some of those little ones are as high as nine. It's sad that we cannot keep the kittens for ourselves, but it will be nice to see them every time we take a restroom break at work. I wish I had some photos to share with you, but alas, radio is not a visual medium. Also, the last three staff members that took photos not only found that Khoshekh does not show up in pictures, but those staff members also died pretty agonizing deaths the week following, so we're refraining from even describing what he looked like. Oh, but I did make a quick recording of the meow Khoshekh makes when it's time to eat.

(horrifying screeching)

Like I said, I'm not a cat person, but Khoshekh has found a truly special place in my heart.

I'm getting word that authorities are surrounding your home. These authorities are secret agents from a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency. You are probably looking out of your window now to see these agents, but they are highly covert. You cannot see them, even if you look hard. These specially trained men and women can expertly disguise themselves as trees, and doors, and birds, and feral cats, and wind gusts. A group of them have even disguised themselves as one item of furniture in your home. I am not at liberty to even speculate which one, but you're probably looking at it right now.

The Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency seems upset that the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home has been alerting you - and the media - to her presence. I mean, we all knew she was there. Who doesn't know about the Faceless Old Woman who hides in all of our homes? It's not dissimilar to knowing that Santa Claus isn't actually real. Everyone - except young children, of course - knows Santa is this huge population of heavily-sedated and costumed bears that the CIA lets loose across the country every Christmas Eve. And like the Santa Claus myth, it's important we keep up the image that we all don't know the truth, like, let's all pretend Santa is a gift-giving old man and not a drugged-up government bear. And, in the same vein, there's no Faceless Old Woman hiding in your home.

Anyway. The agents are encroaching on your home now, and preparing to use deadly force. I'd like to tell you that you need to run, to get out of there now, to save yourself, but it is too late. Every entrance and exit is barricaded. I am afraid you are doomed. Unfortunately, the Faceless Old Woman must know something. She must know secrets, some very important bits that the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency holds dear, and those secrets are probably about you. Perhaps she is planning to reveal your purpose here. Perhaps you too are connected, albeit unwillingly, to the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency, and this information cannot - must not - be shared. You are a walking top-secret document. And now, on the verge of this revelation, you must be destroyed.

On the plus side, you had a purpose. And that is more than most of us can say. You will be missed. So, for your last moments - though surely not ours - I give you...the weather.

("Long Gone" by Mary Epworth plays)

The Faceless Old Woman secretly living in your home wants to apologize to you. She has issued another statement.

(Faceless Old Woman) I'm sorry. Mostly I just wanted to figure out how to get online. I reset the wireless router and that helped, but you use Chrome and you never clear your cache or history, and it was so slow. I downloaded Firefox for you and that seems to be working much better. I heard the Mayor was retiring, and I wanted to know if mayoral candidates were required to have faces. I have some good ideas I think would help this town, like one thing I think is that we can increase school funding while still lowering taxes. It's an innovative plan, and I'm gonna build a website that explains it, and other great ideas I have that could help this town. I'm very excited to announce my candidacy for Night Vale mayor.

Also, I lit your fridge on fire. It was upsetting me. Now I'm smoking a cigarette and notating your copy of Infinite Jest.

(Cecil) She didn't leave a name or a website URL, and I'm not sure how she can read websites or books at all without a face, and by extension, eyes. We've also received word that the covert agents from the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency have retreated, and have obviously not used deadly force, as you are still alive, regardless of how dead you feel inside. They did, however, release several thousand spiders into your home. Fortunately for you, like the Faceless Old Woman, you will be unable to see these spiders unless you look closely. They are highly-trained spiders, moving just outside of your periphery, but - and this is also just like the Faceless Old Woman - from time to time, you will feel them brushing against your soft cheeks and lips as you sleep. So, keep your eyes open.

Listeners, let us all keep our eyes open. It's not always easy knowing who or what wants to be seen, but when you look around you, pay attention to those fuzzy and dark corners. Peer deeper into those predictable patterns, like walls and moons. Furrow that brow and seek visual truth, Night Vale. If you could only see what you're not seeing! If you could only take in all the complex layers of horrors that lie just beyond your range of sight. If you could only see the world as it really is. It is awful, and on fire, and beautiful.

Listeners, stay tuned next for our newest hit program, Open-Mouthed Chewing! Tonight's topic: glass shards: how to make the best out of a bad situation. Until next time, good night, Night Vale. Good night.

27) First Date (15 July 2013)

Mountains. Endless mountains. Peak after barren peak. And what lies, restless, in the shadowed valleys? I cannot say. I cannot say. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

Let's start there. Let's start with a greeting. A simple hello. And then let's move right into the most exciting news, the most wonderful news. As you may remember, a few weeks ago, along with the beginning of a vicious war against us by tiny people, from a tiny underground city, Carlos, the beautiful scientist, finally returned my expressions of affection. And not in that dry science way he always used to use, saying things like, 'I'm not calling for personal reasons, I need to tell your radio audience about a strange hole that might appear in their wall.' Oh yeah, I forgot. There's a strange hole that might appear in your wall. He said it was important to tell you, especially after what happened in the Smithwick house.  I forgot. That was a while back, so I guess it doesn't matter much now.

But yesterday, when he called me, he started his call by saying, 'I am calling for personal reasons. Also, my calculations show a strange source of energy approaching the town, but not emanating the kind of light that such a source should.' Isn't that sweet? And well, one thing led to another. And last night, we went out on our first date.

I just have to tell you about it. I have certain obligations, though, so first, let's get to the news.

The Sheriff's Secret Police, in conjunction with a Vague Yet Menacing Government Agency, announced that those trucks full of crates far out in the desert are nothing, and that we shouldn't worry about them. The trucks, which no one in town knew about until this announcement, are filled with crates that are warm to the touch. Some of them tick. Others do not . 'Don't even worry a little about them,' say the Secret Police. 'Forget we said anything. No, really, remembering we said anything is now against the law.'

We reached out to Lieutenant Regis of Unit 7 of the local National Guard station and KFC combo store for a comment, and he said he's been ruminating on a lot of things. 'Just a lot of stuff's been running through my mind. That's an interesting phrase. "Running through the mind." Where are those thoughts going? Are they tryin' ta leave? And if so, where?' When pressed to comment specifically about the trucks full of crates out in the desert, he just repeated everything he had said, with the exact same inflections and gestures.

Well. I'm sure these crates won't come up again, and pose no future danger to any of us. No more on this story, ever, I'm sure.

The Night Vale Public Library will be expanding into a second branch, the Night Vale Private Library. This library will be right next door to the current location and will be available only to one person, local billionaire Marcus Vansten. It will contain thousands of books on any given subject, an interactive children's area shaped like a full-sized pirate ship, and a biography section featuring not just biographies of Helen Hunt, but also biographies of Sean Penn. Plans include floor-to-ceiling windows facing the public library, which Marcus, the only person who will ever be allowed inside, says he will use to stroll nude through his library, staring ordinary citizens in the eyes as he does not read or make any use of the towers of books around him. Marcus continued, 'Maybe I will pick up a book and open it as if I were going to read it, but then reveal to those watching that I am holding it upside-down before laughing and throwing the book away! I'm not sure. I haven't planned out every moment. I will definitely be nude, though.'

The public library Board of Directors issued a statement via loudspeaker from their helicopter that hovers continuously over our city, indicating that they feel this expansion will serve the community, by showing how rich Marcus is, and what a great guy that obviously makes him. And have you seen how many cars that guy owns? Wow.

Reports also indicate that the Night Vale Private Library will be entirely free of librarians, a fact that will be of little comfort to the many public library goers who are injured or killed in librarian maulings every year. Remember, if confronted by a librarian while looking for a book to check out, do not attempt to escape by climbing a tree. There are no trees in the library. And the precious moments it will take you to look around and realize this will allow the librarian to strike. Don't become a statistic.

All right. News done. So, let's talk about the date. Carlos and I met up in Old Town. I was wearing my best tunic and furry pants, and he had on a laid-back weekend lab coat. We were both beautiful in the late afternoon sunlight, each other's dreams met in a real world moment. Our destination was none other than Gino's Italian Dining Experience And Grill And Bar, the fanciest restaurant in town. It was a perfect day - other than the strange blot of darkness buzzing on the edge of town. But that was probably yet another Applebee's under construction. We went arm in arm into Gino's and were immediately seated, with no memory of who greeted us at the door or how we got to our table, situated in a classy, understated, and absolutely doorless room. The full Gino's experience. Their menu is somewhat limited after the ban on wheat and wheat by-products, so we each ordered a single portobello mushroom, served rare and bloody, as is the Gino's way. From the window, we had a great view of the sunset, and of the buzzing shadow-thing, which seemed to have moved closer.

'I've been thinking,' Carlos said.

'Uh-huh?' I said.

'Yeah, that's what I've been doing lately,' he said. 'Thinking. It's part of being a scientist. What have you been up to?'

And so we talked. Just us and our bleeding mushrooms, and the buzzing shadow-presence, and a blooming haze of romance in the air.

Wai...hold on. Station management is apparently getting agitated, uh, flailing around their office and howling. So I need to do some more news real quick.

Violent incidents increased across the entire Night Vale area over the last several weeks as the people of the miniature city under lane five of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex continued to wage their war against us with tiny bodies and tinier weapons. Citizens are urged to protect themselves against this army in their midst by stomping everywhere they go and keeping a vigilant watch towards the ground rather than keeping our eyes closed, as we usually do. In related news, the City Council has erected a monument to the fallen Apache Tracker, that hero who died for the welfare of us all. The monument will be dedicated in a secret silent ceremony attended by no one, and the monument itself will be buried in the desert where no one will find it, because he was also a racist embarrassment and we don't want our town associated with that kind of thing.

And now, the community calendar. Monday will be the annual Bluegrass Festival, held in the burned-out shell that used to be Louie Blasco's music shop, before he lit it on fire and skipped town with the insurance money. Participants can huddle among the ashen remains, casting haunting looks at each other and sharing some of their favorite bluegrass dirges. Legend has it that if you look into a mirror and say absolutely nothing three times, Louie himself will appear and teach the crowd some simple, easy bluegrass licks before taking your soul back with him into the dark of the mirror.

Tuesday is a holiday. Make sure you have adequate emergency supplies and plenty of clear plastic sheeting. We're not sure which holiday it is, so have all possible antidotes on hand.

Wednesday, the staff of Dark Owl Records are getting a band together. 'We know a lot about music,' they'll say, grabbing knives and hammers. 'We should start a band, definitely!' they'll continue, over the screams. 'Let's get a band together. We should do that!'

Thursday through Sunday will be a blur of routine and practicalities, a series of moments and actions that we will fail to notice as we experience them and will forget the moment they are gone.

This has been the community calendar.

All right. Boring stuff done. Back to the date.

We wrapped up dinner at Gino's with a slice of their special invisible, non-corporeal, and tasteless carrot cake, which was as light as air and resembled air in all other qualities as well. Our waiter, formerly a heavyset man with a large mustache, was now a buzzing shadow-man defined only by the absence of light in the vague shape of a torso and limbs. Presumably, our former waiter was on break. We asked for the check, and then made our escape from the doorless room by breaking the window, using the brick our waiter had provided for that purpose.

Carlos and I - oh, the magic of that phrase. Oh, the ecstasy that a simple conjunction can imply - took a stroll through Mission Grove Park. It was just us, and the trees, and the crowd of our fellow citizens who were all doing the usual recreational activity of pointing at the sky and shouting in terror. I asked Carlos if he wanted to join in for a round, but he said he had already been scared of that all the empty sky implies yesterday, and so was pretty tired.

'If you want,' he said, 'we could do some tests on the trees. I've been meaning to do some scientific tests on the trees. They seem normal, but given all that I've observed in this town, it is a significant chance that they are not.'

Well, of course I could not pass up the opportunity to perform real science, side by side with my Carlos, and so we approached the nearest tree, an old sagging thing, and began to perform tests, the nature and purpose of which I am not remotely qualified to describe. Meanwhile, our fellow parkgoers had ceased screaming and had taken up being strange, buzzing shadow-beings. All of them were standing exactly where they had been, but were now defined only by the absence of light in the vague shape of a torso and limbs. I stroked Carlos' cheek. I don't know if he noticed. He said the tests were inconclusive, and also was perfect in face and form.

And now, a word from our sponsors. Looking for a home security solution? Good luck with that. Want to feel safe when driving your car? Get in line! Fearful when walking alone at night? Well, you should be.  When life seems dangerous and unmanageable, just remember that it is, and that you can't survive forever. Denny's Restaurants: why not?

And now a station editorial. Listeners, a lot has been made about the topic of beauty, and I don't think we in the media always do our best to promote healthy self-images. Movies and magazines and tv shows and advertisers love to use photo and video editing to make people seem skinnier, fairer, and more appealing to a false ideal of human beauty, and I think this takes a strong hold of us, especially children. But remember: you are beautiful only when you do beautiful things. Full lips aren't as beautiful as a full laugh. Skinny hips aren't as attractive as a quick wit. Think about treating others right, and those others will flock to you in screaming droves. Just peel back those artificial layers, Night Vale. Unzip that name brand coat, those skinny jeans. Wipe off that makeup and gently, but very quickly, peel off that skin that's covering up the true you. Look at those exposed eyes, dangling unprotected from their gaping sockets. Look at the blood and sinew slowly uncoiling from quivering bones. Admire that slippery viscera trying to squeeze under those dynamic ribs of yours. You are organic to be sure, listener! Be proud of who you are.

Speaking of pride - speaking of beauty - more from my date soon. But first, the weather!

("Team the Best Team" by Doom Tree plays)

Let's get right back into it, shall we? After the park, I drove him back to his lab next to Big Rico's Pizza. The drive was...difficult, because at this point, it seemed that everyone in town but the two of us had hopped onto the buzzing shadow-entity train, and were loping around town as malevolent holes in our reality, emanating an energy that made the hairs on your arm stand and your bowels vibrate. Or maybe that was just the chemistry with Carlos I was feeling. A woman ran at our car, screaming, a few of the shadow-people chasing her, but before I could even touch the brake, she must have changed her mind, because she had already turned into a shadow-person herself. It's like, ugh, run from the shadow-people or become one. Make up your mind, lady.

We arrived outside of Big Rico's, and there was that awkward moment at the end of every date, where you pause outside of the person's door, and it's like, should I call the City Council and submit the standard end-of-date report or are you going to? Also, I was wondering if he was going to invite me into his lab to look at all those beakers and humming electrical equipment.

'Well,' he said, pointing to his lab, 'this is me.'

'Uh-huh,' I said.

'I should probably do something about this buzzing shadow-thing,' he said. 'A few experiments, to see if I can save the town.'

'Oh?' I said. 'Do you need any help with that?'

'No,' he said. 'A scientist is self-reliant. It's the first thing a scientist is.'

'Oh,' I said again, but softer, sadder, which is when he leaned forward and kissed me. Just once. Just gently. Just before slipping out of the car and into the lab.

I'll tell you, listeners, I was almost swallowed by a cloud of malevolent shadow energy on the drive home and I hardly even noticed. I was sooo happy.

I guess Carlos managed to find a way to defeat the shadow energy, as everything seems normal today. A couple neighborhoods are emptied out, sure, with books and food and televisions left where they had been at the time of the sudden vanishing, a tableau of the life that never again will be. But it wouldn't really be a weekend without that happening somewhere, right?

Night Vale, my sweet and only Night Vale, may you find love. May you find it wherever it's been hidden. May you find who's been hiding it and exact revenge upon them As the old song goes, love is all you need...to destroy your enemies. Finer words were never chanted. Stay tuned next for Efficiency Hour with our own productivity expert, a reversed voice underscored by hypnotic pulses. And, with all the love in my loving heart, and with a loving voice in a loving and terrifying world, good night, Night Vale. Good night.

28) Summer Reading Program (15 August 2013)

Does it even matter how many living things you touch today, or where they all are now? Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

The Summer Reading Program for children and teens has begun at the Night Vale Public Library. This comes as an alarming surprise, given that the program was abolished by the City Council thirty years ago. Though parents and teenagers have asked on several occasions to reinstate the program, the City Council has maintained its position, citing lack of taxpayer funds, the extreme danger posed by books, the peril of exposing children to librarians, and of course, the incident that precipitated the ban, which the town's older residents will refer to only as "The Time Of Knives".

Nevertheless, in a show of civic dedication, or mindless bloodlust - and they really are so similar - Night Vale's librarians have banded together in defiance of authority to reinstate Summer Reading. Colorful posters with appealing statements like, "Get Into A Good Book This Summer!" and "We Are Going To Force You Into A Good Book This Summer!" and "You Are Going To Get Inside This Book, And We Are Going To Close It On You And There Is Nothing You Can Do About It!" have appeared overnight around the library entrance and in local shops and businesses, all sporting the clever tagline, "Catch the flesh-eating reading bacteria!" The Sheriff's Secret Police have responded by interrogating the proprietors of businesses where the posters have appeared, and by removing and confiscating the posters themselves. Although, to be honest, listeners, the graphic design work is really cute. I mean, have you seen them? The little flesh-eating germ, with his sun hat and library book, using a screaming semi-skeletal human victim as a beach chair? Ah! Adorable.

After fierce debate today, the City Council has officially declared murder illegal, a crime that has, until this point, been handled using informal vigilante squads. The head of one such squad, Vincent LeFarge of Grab 'Em And Sack 'Em, argued that Night Vale has gotten along just fine for years, without the government meddling in murder investigation or punishment.

'Do we sometimes catch the wrong guy?' said Vincent. 'Sure, most of the time. We're not even sure we've ever caught a guilty one. Usually, we just grab the first person we see. One time, we tried to arrest the dead body, but it got away.'

Proponents of the bill argued that most things in Night Vale are already illegal anyway, so citizens would hardly even notice the change. The law goes into effect in two weeks, and citizens are advised to get any necessary murders done before then, although there will be a three day grace period after the deadline, for those who are forgetful, or whose victims are hard to catch.

Some summer tips to beat the heat. First off, have you tried to reason with the heat? Humans, temperatures, angels, and chairs are all equally real and sentient, which is to say that we're all not-real, nor are any of us actually sentient, but give reason a shot. It has never, not once in history worked, but it might just work this time. If the heat won't listen to reason, try denying that it's hot.

'Doesn't seem hot today,' you might say to your profusely sweating neighbor. 'A little chilly even!' you could continue, slipping on a sweater and making an exaggerated 'brrr!' noise as the glaring sun plants the idea of cancer in your skin. And, if denial does not work, then your best bet, as with all problems in life, is exhausted resignation.

This has been summer tips to beat the heat.

And now a public service announcement. Here is a brief list of everything that is helpful.



The Sheriff's Secret Police

Clouds

Anger

The City Council

Affection falling just short of love

Ceiling fans

Lungs

Other sundry organs

Laws

Government

Helicopters

The 2005 Honda Accord

Secrets

Whispers

Ultimately, nothing

Anything not specifically named in this list should be considered not-helpful and ultimately dangerous. It's not just good sense - it's the law.

An update on the Summer Reading situation. Fourteen young people between the ages of 5 and 17 have already been reported missing, and are feared to be in the public library, and possibly learning. Attempts by the Sheriff's Secret Police to enter the library, rescue the missing children, and put an end to all summer reading activities have failed, as all doors and windows have mysteriously disappeared from the library exterior, just like it was before the renovations. Our tax dollars paid for those doors and windows, and we shouldn't be expected to stand for library administrators just deciding to disappear them on a whim, even for a valid reason, like jealously guarding their possession of our stolen children, without at least putting the issue to a popular vote.

Anyway. In light of this development, the City Council has declared a Level Orange fear alert. They advise that all Night Vale citizens avoid the public library, and provide the Council with any information they may have on the whereabouts of the missing children, on librarians' secret weaknesses, or on good books they've read lately. Any citizens who admit to having read good books, the Council added in an impromptu press conference, televised from a book-proof bunker, will be immediately scheduled for re-education, and subsequent de-education.

The Sheriff's Secret Police, meanwhile, have instituted a curfew for the entire town, effective immediately. After 7 p.m., all minors should be at home and under adult supervision, and absolutely no reading, researching, online information seeking, educational games, documentary television, or having a lifelong love of learning will be permitted. As their catchy new slogan puts it, "Once it gets dark, forget everything you ever knew and be silent. Words belong to our enemies, and our enemies are words, so be as mute and pure as a bone bleached clean by our desert sun. By our desert sun."

The Police have also stated that any Night Vale citizen encountering a librarian, an entity suspected of being a librarian, or any excessively organized and helpful individual with a working comprehension of information systems is encouraged to shoot on sight. They also added this goes for teachers as well, since 'what the hell, as long as we're at it.'

We'll have further updates on this story as it develops.

And now a word from our sponsors. Congratulations! You are eligible for a free thirty-day trial! This free thirty-day trial comes with everything you need, including a free arrest, free charges, free arraignment, and free conviction, guaranteed. Shipping and handling not included. Defense lawyer also not included. We have you surrounded. The more you struggle, the worse it will be for you. Put that down. Put it down! Put that down.

This message brought to you whether you like it or not.

The Freemasons have announced some changes to their hierarchy. These changes are the following:

Whereas before the Freemasons were under the authority of the Stonemasons Worldwide, they will now be an independent subsidiary of the Hallowed Mason Council, which itself will be split into four branches, corresponding with the four directions we glance when nervous. The Hallowed Mason Council will also provide guidance and financial support to the Retail Masons, the Wholesale Masons, and the Discount Masons, except in cases involving intermasonry disputes, which will, as before, be subject to the Small Brotherhood of the Large Chamber, the Large Brotherhood of the Small Chamber, or the Properly-Fitted Brotherhood, depending on patterns discerned in bones, cast by a fully licensed member of the Masonic Drone Legion, or one of their proxies.

Now, of course, the Masons will continue their proud fraternal associations with the Illuminati. However, the Illuminati will itself be splitting into ten distinct factions as follows: Red, Green, Eagle, Faction Four, the Real Illuminati, the Other Real Illuminati, Red Again, Alpha, Windhind, and Hungry Man Brand Frozen Foods Officially Sponsored Illuminati. This split will be overseen by the Council of Three, which will be supported by the Council of Five, and monitored by the Council of Zero. Elections for the Council of Zero will be held never and will result in nothing.

Discretionary funds for the Illuminati and Freemason Alliance Committee will be funneled through a number of secret bank accounts, their numbers known to no one and their secrets kept forever. All of this is in accordance with the General Secret Agreement of the General Secret Alliance of the General Secret Community, representing all brotherhoods and organizations obscure and hidden, including the Harpoon League, the Flying Cape, the Six Ancient Truths, and the Dental Underground.

The Freemasons would also like to remind you that none of this may be known to you, and that they are only telling you this to demonstrate your fragile mind, which barely parsed the words as they were spoken, and have (sic) already forgotten the secrets contained just moments later. You will never know anything, and you will not even know that.

+ + + + +

Breaking news: despite the best efforts of the Sheriff's Secret Police and citizenry, we have received confirmation that over a hundred children and adolescents have disappeared from their homes, beds, part-time jobs, or summer forced labor camps, and are now presumed to be inside the Night Vale Public Library, and subject to the Summer Reading Program. Unfortunately, it is my sad duty to announce that this includes Intern Paolo, a high school junior who's been helping to organize the radio station archives over the summer months. To the parents and family of Paolo, our hearts go out to you in this time of fear and uncertainty, as in all other times of fear and uncertainty, which is all of them, really. May you find comfort in the knowledge that, though your son may have been lost in a library, at least he, unlike many of his peers, actually went inside one of those at least once.

The situation has...wait. Hold on just one moment. I beg your pardon, listeners, but I've just received alarming news . An alert citizen has called in to report inhuman shrieking, thick meaty sounds, and a coppery, rotten smell of gore and viscera coming from the now sealed and impenetrable Night Vale Public Library, which are, of course, all fairly standard elements of the Summer Reading Program as described in the library director's original proposal. Painful though it may be, it seems that all we can do now, as so often in our dull blinkered lives below a microcosm of horror and beauty, is wait. Wait, and hope, and know that our hopes are immaterial and powerless, and our wishes will go unheard by the indifferent multitude of stars, if indeed they - the stars - are even real. But there are still some comforts that remain to us while we wait. Small, shining baubles to distract us from the endless march of time towards events we have no control over and outcomes we never imagined. And so, ladies and gentlemen, I give you...the weather.

("You And I Belong" by Simone Felice plays)

This just in, listeners. We've received reports that the entrances to the Night Vale Public Library have reappeared, and the missing children have begun to emerge from inside the building. The children have been described as wild-eyed, feral, some staggering upright, and some running on all fours like animals, caked in effluvia and far more emaciated than their time of absence would seem to account for, but otherwise, well, healthy, and unharmed. At the head of the dazed and shambling pack was their apparent chosen leader, twelve-year-old Tamika Flynn, her mouth clenched in a blood-crusted snarl, and carrying the severed head of a librarian in one hand, and a gore-streaked sticker chart in the other. Eyewitnesses who dared to get close enough to read the chart reported that Tamika had even finished Cry, The Beloved Country, which is very impressive for her reading level. Well done, Tamika!

Indeed, congratulations are in order for all the young people of Night Vale who participated in the Summer Reading Program, for proving that neither abduction nor captivity, neither horrors beyond imagining nor unfamiliar vocabulary can prevent you from embracing the pleasures of belles lettres. Here's to you, boys and girls, and remember, even while we congratulate Tamika for winning your loyalty with her sophisticated comprehension and extremes of berserker violence, that the real victory won today has been for literacy.

Stay tuned next for our countdown of last words, from 'Stop telling me how to drive' all the way to 'It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.' Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

29) Subway (15 August 2013)

Our black suns move erratically, like drunken bees, and each of them stings. Now more than ever, we are full of blood and honey. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music plays)

We start our program with some good news, listeners. Several Night Vale residents have reported seeing subway entrances popping up all over town. These brightly lit stairwells into the underground have been showing up on several street corners over the past few days, but the Secret Police have denied knowledge of any subway system. According to our station's research into the issue, there are no records of the Night Vale Transit Authority ever creating a subway system, or getting one approved, or even having discussed building one, nor has there ever existed a Night Vale Transit Authority. The only hints can be found in the brochures littering the entrances, describing the ease with which we will now commute, the hungers we will sate, the time we will travel, the times we will travel, the happy memories we will never be able to shake loose, even when we wake up screaming.

I'm looking at one of the new subway brochures right now. There is no logo, just smiling faces, with teeth unusual in their shapes, colors, and spacing, but otherwise quite normal-looking teeth, and the phrase, "Oh, the place you will go!" written in heavy sans serif font across the eyes of smiling train riders, clutching tightly to bags and metal rails and each other. I'm looking more closely at these transit brochures, and the paper stock is quite strange, listeners. The pages are scaly, brown, and translucent. I mean, I usually just have Intern Dylan make our radio station flyers on colored copy paper, say, a twenty-four pound goldenrod, but these brochures are so lush, like wings of a majestic insect.

The text also just grows increasingly garbled. For instance, here it says that our new subway system will streamline the rush hour commute, but about halfway down, it's a series of nearly indecipherable glyphs our experts insist hint at non-Euclidean emotions and appeasement, though we think this may be a euphemism for "fares". Finally, there's a crudely-drawn map of our new transit system, all routes resembling spasming tentacles and all passing at least once through a common point deep beneath the center of Night Vale.

No one yet knows where the subways came from or where they go to, but as a city dweller, I am certainly happy to hear that Night Vale is embracing mass transit. This is a fantastic way to unclog our highways, reduce pollution and accidents, and, most importantly, subways allow us to interact with each other, make eye contact, acknowledge each other as fellow creatures. Cars are impersonal machines that close us off from humanity, and with the rising cost of gas and the large iridescent tongues that have been growing from Route 800, I think the subway will be a positive addition to our community. We'll have more on this breaking story soon.

+ + + +

Ladies and gentlemen, I want to talk to you now about a popular new service in town that delivers feelings - whether you want them or not. This service has no name or contact information; it simply delivers feelings. You do not choose the feeling, though Yelp reviews say "tingling horror" and "as though electrocuted, I stood before him" are the most popular so far. It is unclear where on Yelp you look for these reviews. I myself have received a few feelings so far, such as "blood feud" and "frustrated origami novice", and I'm looking forward to receiving more. I'm crossing my fingers for "should have left the party hours ago before I could disappoint her". I would also settle for "overcast Wednesday" and "trampled by horses".

This is my own endorsement, listeners, not a sponsored ad. I wouldn't even know which company or person to bill for airtime. I just really enjoy having feelings delivered straight to me without having to worry about which feeling and why and when.

+ + + +

The Secret Police, in cooperation with A Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency, would like to remind you that here in Night Vale, no one is eating each other. They remind you that this is a friendly reminder. The Secret Police added their assurance that they see no reason to alert us to the not-at-all-increasingly-common practice of grill parties and consensual cannibalism. "It'd be pretty terrible of us to conceal that, right?" a heavily cloaked spokesperson said, distractedly, deeply engrossed in a game of Drop 7 on his or her iPhone 4s. "But listen! The important thing here is that we are not...hang on. Darn! Warning or alerting anyone, and I think you should remember to thank us for that." The cloaked figure then double-tapped his or her phone and a horse rose up from the floor beneath him or her, and they flew off into the sky.

+ + + +

The City Council has now officially denied any involvement in our fantastic new subway system. We have this direct from a fair-haired and hollow-eyed child they sent with the denial tattooed on his inner lip. "Never approved," it reads. Just a quick aside, listeners - we'll get back to the subway news in a moment - but would anyone like a child? Because I'm never quite sure what to do with the messenger children the City Council sends us. I'm not even sure if the child is completely sentient. This one just stares blankly ahead, and...oh! Nope! No, he's wandered off. Nevermind.

Also, we're getting reports that a press conference was just held in front of the ashen shell of the public library, which of course was burned down last night, and it's only a matter of days until we'll need to burn it down again. Several masked figures, having called the press conference, claimed responsibility for the subway system. Their masks have the countenance of very concerned deer. One of the figures spoke to reporters. "We took the matters into our own hand, even without approval. We don't need approval of the City Council or the Mayor," the spokeperson explained. "We do and say what we please. That shirt looks awful on you, by the way." Apparently here they pointed to Night Vale Weekly Gazette writer Lauren James, who usually wears very nice shirts. It's really her bangs that don't work, uh, I think. I mean, I like bangs, but they just frame her face too dramatically, especially with those thick-rimmed glasses.

Press conference attendees said they could see something moving behind the spokesperson's deer mask. I am told that the black-charred grounds of the library are covered in roaches as well. Also, that perhaps the deer masks are not concerned, but disapproving, or maybe merely world-weary and under a lot of stress.

Listeners, I am now being told by a different dead-eyed child in my studio via a complex facial expression that if you are anywhere near the site of last night's victorious fire at the library, please do not step on the roaches. We recognize that there are tens of thousands of these vermin, but we've been informed by inside sources - and this really unsettling zombie child - that these are proprietary roaches. If you look closely at one of the many cockroaches crawling up your arm, you'll notice that they have slogans scrawled across them. Uh, "ride the trains", "everything is fine", "tenderize yourself as needed". We repeat, do not hurt the roaches. We are receiving several reports that the roaches are precious ad space. And, if you hold one up to your ear - it's true! - they sound like sizzling butter.

+ + + +

And now a look at the financial markets.

You will turn yourself inside out. Your sadness will know no bounds. Ladybugs will flee you. Wolves run wild in you. You will hear the wind chimes like shattering. The sun will drip ichor. Whatever peace you find will be taken from you. Nothing will be the same. Nothing has ever been the same. 'Past performance does not guarantee future results,' you will whisper to the rising moon, as you hear several foxes fleeing your vicinity.

This has been business news.

+ + + +

The Greater Night Vale Medical Community would like to remind you to become an organ donor. It's a simple process that only takes a moment, and you could save a life. You can visit the DMV to pick up the appropriate form. It only requires that you check a box, sign your name, and turn it in. The Greater Night Vale Medical Community would also like to say thank you to those citizens who have already become registered organ donors. They remind you that collection begins this Tuesday at 4 p.m. Please hold still and wear loose-fitting clothing that day. They also advise that you do not eat anything after 8 p.m. the night before. They are particularly in need of kidneys and skin. A representative was quoted as saying something that resembled a hiss, and then quickly biting the reporter's ankle.

+ + + +

It has come to our attention that some Night Vale residents are getting off the trains transformed. Mayor Pamela Winchell described these commuters are "thinner somehow, spiritually, like you think it's the afternoon but it's almost evening. That's what they're like."

Carlos - caring and reliable Carlos the scientist - thinks maybe the riders' DNA has been washed out, emptied, completely drained of its contents. Listeners, I'm also being told that some people are not getting off the trains at all. I'm looking out my studio window now and see a new subway entrance has just appeared across the street during this very broadcast. I have seen dozens enter and few exit those stairs. I have grave concerns, Night Vale.

I have just been handed a press release by another small child. He has such deep blue eyes and so many freckles. He is smiling and there is something dark moving behind his teeth. The press release is covered in roaches. Now the boy is leaving, and I hear a rapid but faint clicking sound. According to the release, the City Council says we owe today's increased productivity to our glorious new mass transit system that just appeared this week. It goes on to say that Night Vale could eventually become a true travel destination, like Japan or Brazil or Singapore or Luftnarp or Svitz. I know we still don't understand who built the subway or where it goes or what has happened to all of our family and friends who have gotten on the train today. I know there are concerns, Night Vale. But this subway seems to be a major step forward for our town, for our environment, for our...

(galloping noises/thundering, lots of rattling)

Oh dear. Something is happening, listeners. Uh, this does not appear to be a standard government-created earthquake. Across the street, there are shimmering waves of heat curdling the air above the subway entrance. A black cloud of large insects is swirling above. I do not know what this means, Night Vale, and since Intern Dylan never returned from his errands, likely because I told him to take the new subway to save time, I myself must go investigate. In the mean time, I give you the weather.

("Poor in Love" by Destroyer plays)

+ + + +

It's spring somewhere, Night Vale, and I must admit the last few minutes, even stretched as they were seemingly into eons, have left me feeling renewed, returned as I am to my home after so long away. It's like I'm walking into fresh clean water, even as I lean into the mic. I entered the subway, like many of you, and like many of you other riders, I saw and felt the cosmic suffering of millennia, was witness to eras of countless births and deaths, and wars, and discoveries, and kisses and plagues and knives and cold empty void. I saw it all at once, and I could not make sense of any of it, but I understood it fully, and it took years, Night Vale. Years I have been missing you since I left you to the weather. What was the weather like then? How much time has passed for you? Only four minutes? What of the ground-shaking and the cloud of insects and the immense heat? Well, that's apparently what happens when an express train arrives. People hurrying to faraway, long-away destinations. The click click click of rush hour commutes. Reading unimportant news stories. Solving unimportant number puzzles. Looking up briefly to give seats to the elderly or infirm. All the while, not knowing where they were going or why or what terrible things they would never unknow upon choosing to commute through whatever that singular point below our city is, that intersection of space and time, a sort of navel of the universe. And somehow we are all better, wiser, kinder for going where we went for as long as we were gone, though we did not age but a few moments.

We still do not know who the deer-masked transit people are, or whether they are people at all. Perhaps they are thousands of roaches packed inside a business suit, hiding behind a mask, or perhaps the mask was not hiding them at all, but hiding us, sheltering them from our immature solipsistic minds. But now, there is a subway. Now we can go anywhere, and perhaps we can know anything if we ride for long enough.

Listeners, there's another child in the studio. This one is faceless, covered in denim and dust, with a long swoop of unruly brown hair covering what would be the right eyebrow. The child is holding a handwritten note. It reads "Because of construction, all subway service is suspended until further notice. For your convenience, shuttle buses will be provided. At the moment of greatest despair and hopelessness, when you least expect it, a shuttle bus will come to you. Thank you for your patience."

The future of urban planning is here, Night Vale, and like our own imminent futures, it is buried in the earth. Stay tuned next for a swarm of flies circling a hot mic, and as always, good night, Night Vale. Good night.

30) Dana (1 September 2013)

It takes heart. It takes guts. It also takes cash. It just needs your payment immediately. Welcome to Night Vale.

(Intro music by Disparition plays)

Mayor Pamela Winchell announced again today that she is stepping down as mayor later this year. This is the fourth announcement this week. She said again through tight teeth that this is totally her call and was never ever discussed in a room with no windows by small men wearing large pelts and decorative soft meat crowns. 'That is not how we do things,' she said. 'That is not how we do things,' she whispered. 'That is not how we do things,' she mouthed silently, as a single dark red tear formed in the corner of her eye, and then slowly rolled down her taut olive cheek and onto her clay-stained smock.

Elections for a new mayor will be held at some later time. When asked by the press for a specific time and location, masked representatives from A Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency purred loudly. They then began rubbing their sides against the journalists' legs. Several reporters began sneezing.

Listeners, many of you recall our station intern Dana who, while reporting on strange goings-on, was locked in the Forbidden Dog Park back in April. I've received occasional texts and emails from Dana, but then this morning, well. Let's listen.

(Dana, urgently) 'Cecil, it's Dana. I found a way out of here. I walked the perimeter of the dog park looking for a crack or a hole or a weak spot in the obsidian walls. I never found one, but this is very strange: the walls just keep going. If you stand still the dog park seems to take up a single city block, but I walked one direction for about two weeks, and I could no longer see the monolith where I started, or the people I was with, or even hear the tinfoil rustling of the leaves from the tall black metal trees that protect us from clouds.

There's something else. I found a door. An old oak door standing unsupported by any other structure. I didn't know if it was an exit from the dog park or an entrance to something much worse, but I went through it. Now I am in some old house.

(whispering) Cecil, I can hear someone moving around upstairs. I need to go. I will try to call you soon. Thank you for everything, and I hope our time and place match again soon.'

(Cecil) Oh, listeners, I so wish I could have talked to Dana this morning! They were showing Cat Ballou again on TBS and I just couldn't break away. I tried to call Dana back, but my phone caught briefly on fire, and something sharp cut open my thumb as I selected her number.

And now a Public Service Announcement from the Night Vale SPCA. Thinking about getting a dog? Dogs are not only great family companions, but also help childhood development. By regularly feeding, walking, fighting, denying the existence of, and ultimately soul-merging with the family dog, young children learn about responsibility, empathy, and pyrokinesis. There are, of course, some breeds of dogs that are not right for children. Those breeds include spiderwolves, double wolves, switch-bladed mountain dogs, secret terriers, flesh-eating spaniels, pit vipers, and table saws. Visit the SPCA for more information on the right dog for your family.

(phone rings, followed by crackling, as of a bad phone connection)

Cecil: Hello, Dana?

Dana: Cecil? I can barely understand you. Cecil, are you there?

Cecil: Yes, I'm here! Dana, are you still in the old house?

Dana: No, I'm still in the old house. I made my way out of the basement, which was empty except for a single photograph of a lighthouse. It's a framed 5 by 7 black and white photo of this old lighthouse. It hangs crooked just to the right of center on one wall. The lighthouse in the photo looks to be in the middle of a field. There's no water. Why would there be a lighthouse not near the water?

Cecil: I have no idea!

Dana: No, that doesn't sound right. Maybe it's some other reason. Anyway, once I heard the footsteps above me stop, I opened the door to the first floor. I saw a man standing in the middle of the living room, staring straight ahead at the wall. I couldn't see his face, Cecil, and I knew that I had been through this moment before. Not like déjà vu, more like a clear but fleeting memory of a dream. I was scared he might hear me, Cecil.

Cecil: What did you do, Dana?

Dana: Yes, that's exactly what I did. I got up the nerve and I spoke to him. I said, 'Hello sir, my name is Dana and I'm sorry to intrude, but I was wondering - is this your home?' And he didn't move. He didn't make a sound. He just kept staring at another small photo on the wall. I walked closer to him and I said, 'Excuse me, sir. Excuse me, but--" And then I saw. Cecil, I saw who it was.

Cecil: Who was it?

Dana: No, it wasn't her. It was John Peters! You know, the farmer? And he was staring at this photo, and I walked closer and said, 'John, it's me, Dana!' But he didn't respond. I looked at the photo he was examining and it was just a picture of a window, a worn driftwood frame inside of which was a photograph of a worn driftwood pane with gently warped glass. I couldn't see what was beyond the window in the photo, but there was a shape. Maybe a tree? Maybe a person? John just stared ahead looking sad.

No, not sad. Concerned. He looked concerned.

I didn't say another word to him. I waved my hand gently in front of his eyes, and he didn't notice me. I tried to touch his shoulder, but my hand went right through him! Like through a cold wind! He wasn't even there, Cecil! He eventually turned and looked at another photo on another wall of another window, but he never saw or heard me. (sighs) This home has no furniture, no furnishings, no belongings - only photos. Single small photos on occasional walls. Most of them are windows. Different windows with different panes in different photo frames. The house itself, I realize, has no windows of its own, so I don't really know if there is a basement or a first or second floor. The upstairs is the downstairs is the ground floor. But I know one thing, Cecil.

Cecil: What is that?

Dana: (almost laughing) No, but you're close. I know that John Peters entered through a door in the kitchen. I can see the door right now, Cecil. It is open, and beyond that door is sunlight. (sighs) I can see sunlight and sand. I'm going through.

Cecil: Yes! Dana, do that. Go through the door now. Go through that door!

Dana: I'm sorry, Cecil, you make a good point, but I have to go through that door. No matter what! I've got to get back home!

Cecil: Do it, Dana. Yes!

Dana: Here I go!

Cecil: Dana? Hello? Dana, can you hear me? (crackling abruptly cuts out)

Ladies and gentlemen, I do not know where Dana has gone now. I do hope that we hear from her again. I would try to call her back, but my phone has grown spiny legs and is crawling away now. If you are the type to pray, please pray for Dana's safe return home to Night Vale. If you are notthe type to pray, please know that you are violating several laws, and you will receive a knock on your door from armed agents very soon. Let's have a look at sports.

This weekend, the Night Vale High School Scorpions kick off their season against the Pine Cliff High School Lizard Monitors. Scorpions quarterback senior Michael Sandero had off-season surgery to remove the second head he grew in the middle of last season's division title run. Michael's mother, Flora Sandero, said she had her son's original head removed instead, as she liked the new head much better.

(New Jersey accent) 'This new head's much handsomer and doesn't talk back as much,' Flora explained from the roof of the Pinkberry, where she was installing several large pipes with dead vultures and rodents on the ends. 'This new head only speaks Russian, so I don't have to listen to him on the phone with his girlfriend all night long, and he can't hog the television because he doesn't understand any of the English or Spanish programs here. He's a better boy now,' she said, jamming another pipe into the roof of the trendy froyo store, before yelling skyward, causing the sparse clouds to part quickly, revealing a giant floating crystal glowing faintly red in the midafternoon sun.

And now, a word from our sponsor. McDonald's wants to remind you that the most important meal of the day is breakfast. So why would you let a morning go by without staring deeply into the mirror until you no longer recognize the face staring back at you, mimicking your every gesture, mocking your every movement? How else will you get the energy you need for a full day's work or recreation if you aren't silently screaming into the visage of a man or woman who gives you such uneasy spirit, such unshakeable terror, a queasy feeling every time you make the connection between what that thing is and what you are becoming? What you have become? Where does the void end? Where do you end? When do you end? What time is it now? You are late for work! You are lying on your bathroom floor, half-dressed in a cool sludge of toothpaste and hair gel. You've been crying, but for how long?

McDonald's. I'm lovin'!

Listeners, I just received word from Carlos - lovely Carlos, with his perfect teeth and hair and penchant for sometimes chewing a little more loudly than is preferred - Carlos, who is with other scientists at the Desert Creek Housing Development. For the past year, Carlos has been studying a house that does not exist. It seems like it exists, like it's just right there when you look at it, and it's between two identical houses, so it would make more sense for it to be there than not, but it does not exist. Carlos said the scientists asked him to come over and ring the doorbell, just to see what would happen. They offered him five dollars. He turned it down, saying something about scientific integrity and blah blah blah, but I'm like, five dollars is a taco lunch at Jerry's Tacos, so, whatever, rich guy.

Carlos said that before he could take a step to the house, a woman emerged from the side door talking on her cell phone. He and the scientists ran up to the woman, calling to her as she walked quickly away from the house. She looked panicked - no, not panicked. Concerned. She looked concerned, Carlos said. She kept talking on her cell phone, never responding to them. Carlos said she kept walking until she walked right through them, right through the scientists, like she were a cold wind. And then, she stopped talking into her phone, stared back toward the house, and with a look of panic - no, with a look of concern - ran away. Carlos said - and this is strange - Carlos said it sounded like the person she was talking to was you, Cecil!

Listeners, I do not know where or when Dana is, but I am going to sit by this phone and wait for her call. I know she is all right. I hopeshe is all right. I fear she is not all right. With great anxiousness - no, concern. With great concern, I take you now to the weather.

("The Lethal Temptress" by The Mendoza Line plays)

(voicemail)First saved message: (Dana) Cecil, I'm sorry I lost your call. I made it out of the door, out of the empty house and its empty photographs into an empty desert, and I don't know if anything has improved. I can see nothing but endless sand and a single distant mountain, a mountain I have never seen, because I don't believe in mountains, but there is a mountain, and there is a tiny red light up on the mountain, intermittently blinking. As I exited the house, the door shut behind me and now it's gone. As I walked I moved through something that wasn't there. I heard voices through digital static and felt a cold wind across my body. The others are here, but not here, Cecil. What or who did I just walk through?

Cecil, something is coming. I can feel it in the ground, something very large is coming. I gotta go. I will call when I can, and tell my mother and brother I am out of the dog park and I am safe, for now. Thank you, Cecil.

(voicemail) End of message. (Cecil) Oh, listeners, I wish I had more news than this. I wish my phone would have rung. I wish I could have had that conversation instead of another voicemail. I wish Dana were home safe. I wish I could feel something other than overwhelming concern - no, not concern. Uncertainty. I wish a lot of things. But, as the old saying goes, If wishes were horses, those wishes would all run away shrieking and bucking, terrified of a great unseen evil. So instead, what I want to say is, I am thankful Dana is out of the dog park. I am thankful I had my first conversation with her since Poetry Week. I am thankful Carlos did not ring that doorbell. I am thankful that people listen to this show and the stories about our wonderful little community - the most scientifically interesting community in America, as my Carlos once said. And of course, I am thankful for you, Night Vale. Stay tuned next for loud shortwave radio squelches, followed by a lifetime of tinnitus. Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

31) A Blinking Light up on the Mountain (15 September 2013)

Our god is an awesome god, much better than that ridiculous god that Desert Bluffs has. Welcome to Night Vale.

(intro music by Disparition)

There is, listeners, a blinking light up on the mountain. It is red. Blinking lights are always red. It is nestled among the crags and nooks of the precipitous slope. We can all see it. No use denying it. The City Council tried. "Nope," they said. "Blinking light? Let me think. Bliiiiinking light. No, sorry, it doesn't ring any bells." But then a bell started ringing, a signal from the watchman who lives in Night Vale's invisible clock tower, letting us know that he had seen something, and we all saw it too. It was a blinking light up on the mountain. "Ah, well," said the Council, crawling backwards through a window into Town Hall one by one. "Ah, well. It was worth a shot."

What does this light mean? Who will dare investigate it? Will it spell our doom? Dear listeners...who knows? No one. And probably, more later. For now, just this. Just a blinking light, red, up on the mountain.

Harrison Kipp, adjunct professor of archaeology at Night Vale Community College, announced an upcoming three-part series on Night Vale Community Television, defending his fringe views that the pyramids and other ancient structures were constructed by human beings rather than benevolent ancient aliens. Harrison, against decades of reasonable evidence, raved that it's possible that these historical marvels could have been made using mathematics, and slave labor. He went on to explain, shrieking like an obvious lunatic, that agriculture was probably not started on Mars, and that humanity was created through evolution, and not through selective breeding of alien DNA.

We reached out for comment to the president of Night Vale Community College, Sarah Sultan, who is a smooth, fist-sized river rock, about the extreme beliefs expressed by a staff member. Sarah had no comment, as she is a smooth, fist-sized river rock, and unable to speak. She can write, however, and wrote "No comment" before drawing an insulting caricature of your humble reporter, which was hurtful, and unnecessary.

Listeners, here's something weird. I know you can't see it, but it's sitting in the studio with me at this very moment, and it is definitely something, and definitely weird. I'm not sure how it got here, but I'm not sure how I got here either. Causation is difficult and confusing. I haven't tried touching it. I'm going to try touching it now.

Oh. I believe it likes being touched, because it started to vibrate and lean in towards my body, but that could just be its way of expressing anger or immense physical suffering. When something is this weird, one shouldn't assume to understand anything specific about it at all. Is it a bomb? Is it one of those objects that isn't a bomb? Is it just a kind of dog? We don't know. And we will never find out. And we will never try to find out. Ignorance may not actually be bliss, but it certainly is less work.

So with no new information and with nothing learned, I'll repeat what I said, gesturing at it with a hand you cannot see. Listeners, here's something weird.

A continuation on our previous report about a blinking light up on the mountain. As many of you noted, the very nature of our report indicated the existence of a mountain, which is surprising, given that we live in vast desert flatness. So yes, there is a mountain. Let's start there. There is a mountain now, rising up out of the alluvial floodplain. It is made of rock, and height, and awe. Its peak is higher than where I am now, but lower than the void. Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, said that it was definitely a mountain, saying, "That's a mountain if ever I seen one. I haven't, though. Seen one. I think that's what they're like. Mountains are like that, right?"

Madeleine LeFleur, head of the Night Vale Tourism Board, said, "Oh, great, now we're gonna have to reprint all these brochures," before taking more sips of her coffee than she needed to in a given span of time, because the frequency of sips was under her control and her own life was not.

John Peters, you know, the farmer? We haven't heard from him in a while. If anyone knows where he went, or about the blinking light up on the mountain, or the mountain rising up out of this muddy plain outside of town, please call into the station and release the information with your mouth.

As part of our service to our community, Night Vale Community Radio is taking this moment to allow one of the candidates for mayor to make a brief statement. The following is from the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home.

Faceless Old Woman: I replaced your books with other books. The covers are the same, but the content has been altered. I don't think you read enough, but that is not why I did it. I changed every single word of some of the books. In others, only a single comma on a single page. This is a metaphor, but I'm not sure what it represents. That is also a metaphor. We all are.

Our political system has become too complicated. I am not complicated. I'm just a gentle old lady who lives in your home. I'm touching your hand right now. No, not that one. Not that one either. Do not think you are superior because you have a face and I do not. All of your books are different books and you did not notice, so who is the lost child in the dark howling woods of this fable? Anyway, I hope you'll vote for me. One of the books is now my life story if you'd like to know more about my background. No, not that one. Not that one either. You'll know it because my life story is just like yours, starting with calamity and shouting and ending with an empty room and a to-do list. Also, Hiram McDaniels has been exchanging emails with corn lobbyists, looking to elbow in on our local imaginary corn market. Hiram: bad for our community, bad for our interests, literally a five-headed dragon. Vote for the candidate you can trust. Vote for the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home.

And now a word from our sponsor. Today's broadcast may have been brought to you by uncertainty.

And now back to our regular programming.

Ahaaa! We have some sharp listeners! Several of you noted that the strangeness of today does not end with the blinking light up on the mountain, or the mountain itself, but also this vast muddy plain it rises from. So yes, we are now reporting that there is a great floodplain strewn with bones around our city. Its wet patches glint slightly when the blinking light is illuminated. At night, when all distance is darkness, it appears that the universe itself is glimmering red, and then gone. Red, and then gone. The mud ripples under the footsteps of the approaching masked army and this warps the reflections in interesting ways.

Carlos says he would like to study it, but that he promised to make a certain person dinner, and he has to learn how to put other things besides science first. Some of this realization might have come with help from those around him.

Mayor Pamela Winchell was seen holding her official mayoral bloodstone aloft, towards the mountain, and the blinking light upon it. She was standing on that plain, the plain that exists now, which we should have mentioned earlier.

In other news, a man in a tan jacket, carrying a deerskin suitcase, was seen outside of one of the currently closed subway entrances, passing out flyers explaining the benefits of a mass transit system, and encouraging citizens to push for the reopening of the subway as soon as possible.

"Transit is the opposite of traffic!" the flyer reportedly said, and "Subway? More like Wowza!" Some citizens reported that the flyer went on to say "Transverse the navel of the world - that secret buried point. It is my home. Help me get home. It is already too late to be early, but not too late to be on time."

Here at the station, we can't confirm any of this, as those holding the flyer soon found that it had vanished from their hands, that they could barely remember their interaction with the man, and that, looking back, all they saw was a haze of dust and heat, distant and indecipherable, like a country they'd never live to visit, like the landscape of a fading dream, like fiction. Like fiction.

All right, we're really gonna get it right this time. We have been focusing too narrowly, and we realize that. As many of you pointed out, we should have spent less time on the blinking light and more time expanding on the bit about the approaching masked army. So. There is now a great masked army coming towards us across the bone-covered plain. We have no specific information about them, other than that they look small when far away, and then appear to grow as they come closer, which they are - coming closer. They also might actually be growing. They are quite large now. The blinking light up on the mountain has not changed its pace. There is a noise like growling, only less organic - like wind howling through a canyon only more...growly.

Ladies and gentlemen, here is what we know: there is a blinking light up on the mountain. There is a mountain on the floodplain. There is a floodplain under the imminent army. There is an imminent army maybe a couple of hours' march from here. I do not believe now that we are leaving anything out. If you have homes, I suggest you flee them. If you have friends, I suggest you warn them. If you have children - did you not know how dangerous and unpredictable the world was when you created a defenseless tiny human within it? And much like Madeleine LeFleur, head of Night Vale's Tourism Board, I will now control the one part of my life that is under my control. Let us go now - and I do hope we come back - to the weather.

("Never Be Famous" by Hussalonia plays)

Well, we did come back. Here we are, post-weather. Carlos finally took a look at the situation: the blinking light up on the mountain, and all that came with it. Horrific invading army, et cetera. "Oh, that?" he said, gesturing with a spatula he had until moments before been using to cook. "That's a mirage. I've seen that one before. When you get the clouds in a certain way and the temperature is where it's at, you can sometimes get this blinking light-mountain-floodplain-masked army mirage. Wow, this is a pretty strong one. It should disappear in an hour or two." And it did! Completely gone. Well, the mountain and the blinking light and the floodplain disappeared. The masked army turned out to be real, but they weren't coming to attack us, just passing through on their way to attacking someone else. And they provided some valuable traffic for local business. A few of them even took a bus tour of Radon Canyon.

Madeleine LeFleur was both relieved and pleased. "I'm relieved," she said, "I'm also pleased." She was still sipping her coffee too often. Perhaps her feeling of lack of control stems from a personal issue rather than the impending doom we imagined. Stress from her failure to live up to her own self-imposed life goals, for instance, or a relationship that wasn't exactly the relationship she had envisioned it would be. But who knows? No one. No one has ever known anything, not really.

Still, nonetheless, we have come to another end. We have come to it as we always do: blind, ignorant, groping. I take comfort in that consistency. There is no blinking light up on the mountain, there is no mountain towering over a muddy plain, there is no muddy plain under an invading army. There was an invading army, but they're gone now. What is left? Well, what is always left. Night Vale. Our little city. Our tiny town. Our Night Vale. Proud, safe, existent. Stay tuned next for the background hum of the universe, amplified and with live color commentary. Good night, Night Vale. Good night.

32) Yellow Helicopters (1 October 2013)



A lonely heart, a wandering eye, an empty stomach, a shoulder to cry on. This is what makes us, us.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Sad news, listeners.

Old Woman Josie says that the Angels who have been living with her — helping around the house and ultimately protecting her from all evils — have disappeared. It's hard to say just how sad this news is, for two important reasons:

Angels are not real, and
we are not allowed to know about their existence or hierarchical structure.
Josie called this weekend and spoke to Vithya, our station intern. She said that the Angels often leave her for a few hours, or days, at a time...but they've never been gone for three straight weeks. She thinks that they are off fighting an important war for good, but she's worried that maybe she just made them mad, or bored.

"Angels get bored very easily," Josie said. Which is strange, because they are eternal, and there is a lot of down-time during immortality.

Vithya told Josie that Angels aren't real, and that we cannot know such things about them. But this just made Vithya cry, because if you talk about Angels, and you are one who has been secretly chosen by Angels, for special Angelic purposes, you will start crying.

Vithya has been sobbing quite a bit this morning, as a matter of fact. I keep asking her, "Are you OK?"

But she just says, "Angels aren't real," and then buries her heaving face into her inner elbow and runs off.

Dear listeners, it appears the Angels, if they are real (and they are not), have left Night Vale. And none of us are allowed to know this, so...forget I said anything.

The Night Vale Medical Board wants to know, are you heart-healthy? How healthy is your heart? Have you ever checked? Doctors recommend checking your heart at least once a year. Simply separate the skin on your upper chest, and break open the ribs. Here's a tip: If you don't have a bone saw handy, just sterilize any old electric saw you might have in your work shed.

Right behind your ribs, kind of to the left, is a potato-shaped muscle lump filled with straw and maybe some insects. That's your heart! Pull that out and sew your chest back up. Wash your heart in warm water, pat dry with a paper towel, and roll flat on a floured surface. Brown both sides in a sauté pan, and eat immediately.

Remember, a healthy heart is a healthy life!

This has been Community Health Tips.

Ladies and gentlemen, we've been getting reports that several Yellow Helicopters have been seen hovering above town. We are all aware of the Black Helicopters (which are World Government), and Blue Helicopters (which are Secret Police), and the Helicopters with Detailed Murals of Diving Birds of Prey (which are the helicopters that took all the children in Night Vale away a few months ago [we still don't know what those helicopters are but...they did bring all the children back unharmed, and much more well-behaved than before, so they are deemed just as safe as the other helicopters])...but these new Yellow Helicopters, no one quite knows.

They tend to hover in packs of three or more, in fixed locations, for several minutes before moving on. The City Council has said that the helicopters are our guests, and they should be treated as such, but added that the helicopters, more specifically, are uninvited guests, and should be treated with fear, hatred, and uncontrolled panic.

If you have any more information on these Yellow Helicopters, keep it to yourself. There's no question they can hear every move, every sentence, you make. Be quiet and stay inside. They already know.

Let's go now to sports.

After a second straight loss this weekend, Night Vale High School football coach Nazr al-Mujaheed expressed some concern over senior quarterback Michael Sandero's poor play.

Last season, the Scorpions won the division title under Sandero's leadership...and special powers he had acquired from multiple lightning strikes. One such advantage was the second head he had grown, which helped him see rushing linebackers and get better reads on zone coverage.

But in the off-season, Sandero had one of his heads surgically removed, leaving him with only the head that speaks Russian.

Angry fans speculate that because Sandero no longer looks like his original self, and because he no longer speaks English nor Spanish, he does not have the same rapport with his teammates.

When asked whether or not Sandero was losing the respect of his team, Coach al-Mujaheed said, "Our boys play together. Our boys play good games. We want to..."

And here he paused, clearly upset with his star quarterback's decision to get off-season surgery without consulting team trainers.

"We want to be good football boys," he concluded.

The coach then reached his fingers into his mouth, pulling his tongue slowly out. Slowly, slowly, not stopping. He kept pulling his seemingly-endless tongue out, staring at the reporters the whole time. After he stretched it to about two feet, the last reporter left the room, clearly shaken.

The coach remained in his office quietly, and with wide eyes, pulling out his enormous tongue.

Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, says that just this morning he was visited by a Man in a Tan Jacket, who carried a deerskin suitcase. Larry said the man approached his farm and asked about how much sunshine he had been getting.

"I told him, John Peters — you know, the farmer? — his imaginary corn crop had been good this summer, and the sun seemed to be doing just fine," Larry said. "Although some days there's no sunrise at all, and on other days the sunrise is extremely loud."

Larry added that this was a pretty strange question — asking about how much sunshine he'd been getting — as the sun comes up every day, save those two or three sunless days last week.

Larry said he was a nice enough fellow, though, named Emmett. Larry said he couldn't remember exactly what Everett looked like, nor what his last name was.

When asked who Everett was, Larry replied, "The Fellow in the Tan Jacket."

When told he just said the man's name was Emmett, Larry replied, "Yes, Ernest. I said that. Don't bog me down, son!"

Then he slapped the reporter's tape recorder, making the following loud, thumping noise:

[loud thumping noise]

Larry said that after the man left his home, he saw a dark black line in the sky, coming from the heavens down to near where Old Woman Josie lives, down by the old car lot. He said he thinks it was probably something to do with "those weird, tall friends of hers that fly around and make loud trumpet noises and will not stop smiling all the time."

When asked if he meant Angels, Larry replied, "Don't bog me down, son!" and then started weeping.

"Angels aren't real," Larry said, through quick breaths and incomprehensible tears.

As part of our service to our town, Night Vale Community Radio is taking another moment to allow one of the candidates for mayor to make a brief statement. The following is from Hiram McDaniels:

Hi, I'm Hiram McDaniels. You've heard a lot of things from my opponent about how the night sky is beautiful but sad, and how sagebrush is a very important smell. You've also heard that I am literally a five-headed dragon. All of that is completely correct.

But what you haven't heard is that I'm literally a five-headed dragon...who cares.

This is also my campaign slogan: "I'm literally a five-headed dragon. Who cares!"

And what you haven't heard is that I care about small business owners. What you haven't heard is that I care about the future of our children. What you haven't heard is that I care about the future of our small children business owners. Have you ever heard the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home say that? No, you haven't. Really, you shouldn't be able to hear her say anything at all. She doesn't have a mouth. I have five mouths.

What you haven't heard is—

Do you hear the beating of my terrible wings? Do you feel the flames lick at the corners of a life you once thought belonged to you?

Sorry about that, my green head got excited. We all have human foibles. I don't, I'm literally a five-headed dragon.

What you haven't heard is my new plan for an expanded parks system, and more youth sports programs.

AND YOU WILL NEVER HEAR IT! IT'S A SECRET! AND BURIED IN A SECRET PLACE!

That's a good point, purple head!

So vote for me, Hiram McDaniels. The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home is all about politics as usual. Also, she doesn't have a mouth, and that's...weird.

A stillness touches the most frantic heart as we all look up in awe and terror! A sudden shout of fire, and all is forgiven. A gentle touch of flame, and all is as if it never was.

Hiram McDaniels. Whatever you haven't heard, can't hurt you.

Listeners, we've received word from Old Woman Josie that half a dozen Yellow Helicopters are circling her home at this moment. She also said that she's receiving no sunlight. She says all of her clocks tell her it's the middle of the day, but that she is receiving no sunlight.

And, yes, I'm looking at our own station clocks, including the wristwatch Carlos gave me for our one-month anniversary, the watch he said is the one true timepiece in all of Night Vale, and it is indeed the middle of the day. I have only been on the air a few minutes, and before I arrived in this studio, the sun was definitely out — no clouds in the sky,

Josie also told us that she used her old opera glasses to look more closely at the helicopters.

Just an aside for our younger listeners, Josie was the Chairwoman of the Night Vale Opera for many years, until it folded in the early 1990s when a massive puppy infestation destroyed the theater's infrastructure.

Josie said each helicopter has a large triangular logo with an orange "S" in the middle. She doesn't know what that means, but she thinks the darkness enveloping her home is the Angels' last act to try to protect her. Wherever they have gone, they have left behind a protective shade, keeping out the helicopters and all other dark forces.

I reminded her that Angels aren't real, and she said — as if I hadn't even interrupted — that if she falls, so does this town.

There was a long pause, and then she said, "We never go bowling anymore, Cecil, why is that?"

"I don't know," I reflected. "There has been a tiny underground army living under the bowling alley, and they've declared war on all of us...they injured my new boyfriend — also, I have a new boyfriend. Listen, we should totally get the team back together and go to League Night again, just like old times."

"I would like that, Cecil," she said.

But then her voice slowed, turning cold, as if we were strangers with wrong numbers. "I'm afraid the sunlight has come back."

And the phone went silent.

Listeners, I do not know what is happening, or to whom these helicopters belong, but I do know that we must protect our town, Night Vale. Protect it from all outsiders, whether they are flying machines, or tiny war-mongering civilizations, or simply neighbors who don't say the Pledge of Allegiance loudly enough.

I hope Josie is safe. I hope you are safe. I hope we all live to see tomorrow's sunrise...or whatever day the next sunrise is.

But for now, I give you the weather.

["Palabras de papel" by Nelson Poblete]

Listeners, I just received word from Vithya, who went downtown to the City Records Office. She said she found several Emmetts, Everetts, and Ernests, but there was one particular file that stuck out to her, and she copied that file, and put that copy in her backpack, and then walked out into the street, ready to begin her investigation into the identity of the Man in the Tan Jacket.

But, according to witnesses, Vithya found herself caught up in what looked like a strong wind. She lifted slightly off the ground. Witnesses all agreed that she began to elongate. She began to glow a deep black — a dark, pulsing aura.

And amidst the sounds of bold trumpets, and melancholy cellos, and even the haunting call of a muted French horn, Vithya ascended to Heaven.

To the family of Vithya, let me say that she was a very good intern, and while Angels are not real, we are certain she is in a better place — whatever that place might be. She has become a better thing — whatever that thing might be. Know that your daughter did not die in vain, and perhaps, given the tenuous reality of existence, she may not have died at all — for it's debatable whether any of us ever truly live.

The witnesses all agreed that Vithya was no longer real, and that we were no longer allowed to know anything about her.

"It was a lovely sight," said one witness.

"I cannot even describe the beauty of her ascension," said another.

"You kind of did, though," said another witness, who was wearing a fedora. "By saying you cannot describe something, that is a sort of apotheosis, a paralipsis, if you will, which gives the object an implied description through non-description," he continued. "Plus, the word ‘indescribable' carries with it a universal connotation and is, itself, a description. Here, let me explain..."

But the other witnesses moved a little ways up the sidewalk, so they could no longer hear the man. They said nothing to one another. They just stood in a circle, sharing the knowledge that they had seen something they should never have seen. They looked one another in the eyes, they breathed in unison, they smiled politely, intimately, knowingly, until one of them — in fact, each of them, as individuals, decided that the moment had passed, and they parted ways. They will likely never see the others again, and if they do, they will be but unacquainted pedestrians.

But, before they left, the witnesses said that some low-flying Yellow Helicopters began dropping orange leaflets onto the city streets. The leaflets read:

Strexcorp Synernists, Inc.
Look around you: Strex
Look inside you: Strex
Go to sleep: Strex
Believe in a smiling God: Strexcorp
It is EVERYTHING.

Oh...oh no. Uhh, dear listeners, we must issue an apology. Those helicopters are completely...safe. Even safer than safe. In fact, Strexcorp recently bought our little radio station from the mysterious, unseen forces who founded it centuries ago. Uhh, I'm glad to know that Josie will be OK, and that Strexcorp has come to Night Vale.

Rest easy, listeners, knowing that this was all just a simple misunderstanding. But now we fully understand everything that is happening, and we are not misunderstanding anything else at all. We are completely...safe.

Stay tuned next for the sound of slow, steady dripping, and occasional screams.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

33) Cassette (15 October 2013)



Perhaps you noticed something strange yesterday. And perhaps you have forgotten it.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. I'll get to the news in a moment, but first:

I was digging through some of the stored-up belongings clogging my closet – you know, childhood toys, blood-soaked rags, a gem the size of a fist that shows you visions of yourself as an old man staring wistfully back at the past that is your now, that kind of thing – and I came across these cassette tapes marked:

CECIL RADIO TEST – AGE: 15

You know, listeners, I have no memory whatsoever of making these tapes. Isn't that so weird? At one point, they must have meant so much to me, and now they are just objects, with no remembered life attached to them at all. I thought we could listen to them together, just me and you – all of the yous out there.

Here we go.

Hi, Cecil here. Mom gave me this recorder for my birthday so I could make my own radio shows, just like Leonard Burton's show at the real Night Vale Community Radio. I'm going to replace Leonard one day. I really want to, plus the tablets down at City Hall say so, so I better start practicing now.

Leonard always starts out his show with his big catchphrase, and so I'll do it too, just the way he does it. Here goes:

The sun is actually cold. It's cold and empty and all is lost.

Greetings from Night Vale.

How was that? Hold on, hold on, I want to hear that back! Wait, where's the Stop button?

...

Cecil again! Wow, is that what I really sound like? This is so weird! OK, OK. *Ahem*

So, in local news: A new pizza place opened, and I went to it. It's called Big Rico's, and it's pretty good! I mean, I prefer Sammy's Ultimate Sliceria by the Ralph's, but it burned down last week, and that's too bad. Oh, well. I'm sure it'll be rebuilt soon.

Wait, what is...that?

...

Huh. It went away when I hit Stop. Oh, but now it's back again. It's kind of...it's this kind of flickering in the corner of my eye, like someone's waving their arms right next to me, but when I turn, there's nothing there. Oh, well.

Oh, hey! Do you want to hear me sing? Here's the Night Vale High fight song!

[static sounds accompanied by faint humming]

Wow, that flickering got really strong when I sang.

[Gasps] Oh, oh oh oh! Leonard's going to be on soon! All right, goodbye for now – or, as Leonard always says:

See ya Night Vale. See ya!

...

Well. Listeners. Leonard Burton! Now that takes me back. Leonard was the host of this very show when I was a child. I remember... actually, I remember almost nothing about him. I still don't remember making these tapes.

Finally, on this show, something strange to talk about!

But first, the news:

The Museum of Forbidden Technologies is proud to announce their new special exhibit: "A Startling and Highly Forbidden Piece of Technology Brought to Us by Time Travelers... or Ancient Long-Dead Aliens... or Russians... or Whatever."

The technology will be kept in a locked vault, which itself will be wrapped in thick black bandages, with a hand-written sign taped to one side saying only:

Nope!

Your ticket includes a free audio guide, which will play a single piercing tone, designed to considerately remove you from the world of thought, and sound, and sentience.

The Museum of Forbidden Technologies. Bring your kids! Otherwise, something even worse might happen to them.

And now, for traffic.

Everything's looking clear out there today. All the commuters feel like, perhaps for the first time in their entire lives, they are seeing themselves, and the world around, without illusions or denial. All of them have pulled their cars to the side of the road in the sudden shock of such absolute truth.

Some are sobbing into their steering wheel, touching their skin, and remembering what they hadn't known they had forgotten. Others have stepped out of their cars, and are picking up handfuls of dirt and laughing at the realization this is bringing them about atoms, and the universe, and death.

A representative for the Sheriff's Secret Police announced that there wasn't such a thing as a secret, not really, or that maybe the entire world was a secret, and we are all in on it. She then saw a cloud she liked, and smiled at it.

So be sure to allow a lot of extra time for any journeys today, and be on the lookout for abandoned cars and dazed people wandering into the roadway. Because, listeners, everything's looking clear out there today.

This has been traffic.

All right, I admit, listeners, I'm very curious. Let's get back to these tapes of this younger person with whom I share a life.

Cecil again! My brother says that I'll never make it in radio, because my voice isn't right for it. I need to get more like Leonard, with that perfect radio voice – all high-pitched and grating like sandpaper, just the way radio voices should be.

Um, I've been seeing that movement more, even when I'm not recording. It's like someone is walking towards me, but when I turn, there's nothing there. And it's not the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Our Home because I asked her, and the next day our kitchen table had been flipped over, and super-glued to the floor, which I'm pretty sure is her way of saying no.

I wish whatever it is would just say hi! [Gasp] Whoa! I felt something touch me! I think maybe making these tapes is encouraging it. I'm... um...I'm going to hit Stop now!

...

Hey! Cecil here, great news! Leonard agreed to let me intern down at the station, doing all the things he doesn't have time to – like organizing the tape archive, making the coffee, and keening to station management for the prescribed three hours daily. Oh! I cannot wait to start!

Mother says to beware, be warned, be wary. She says this to everything, no matter what you say to her, so I think that means she's very proud of me. Heck, I'm very proud of me! I wish my brother could be proud of me, but no family member is perfect, they become perfect when you learn to accept them for what they are.

...

I... I don't remember having a brother. These tapes don't make sense to me. When did I intern here?

Intern Jésus? Are there any records of me ever interning here? Jésus?

Oh, I forgot. Jésus never returned from investigating the bottomless pit in the intern break room.

To the family members and loved ones of Intern Jésus: Oh, well. You know, the usual. Sorry, I'm just distracted.

More from these tapes of my misremembered past soon, but first, a word from our sponsors.

When you die, the surface of the moon will not change.

The difference between the landscape and lighting of that barren little world from a moment where you exist, to a moment where you do not, will be minimal, and unrelated to your passing. From a car window driving on a highway, looking up at a moon framed by incidental clouds, the surface will be the same muddle of mystery and distance it always is.

And even a methodical study of your absence as it pertains to moon geology and cartography will find nothing. Searching through a powerful telescope, and analyzing with computer algorithms built around your nonexistence – even that study will find that all craters and rocks appear to be where we left them a few years back, that it is the same distance, orbiting at the same rate, and that the researches feel just the way they did about the moon as they did before you died.

Nothing will change about the moon when you die. It will be the same – still the moon, still there.

Still the moon.

This message brought to you by an anonymous sponsor. Looking for whatever product or service we offer? We are, whoever we are, the best choice in whatever industry that is.

Listeners, let's take a moment to discuss measurement.

The cardinal directions are north, west, south, and east.

The cardinal temperatures are 35º Fahrenheit, 67º Fahrenheit, 3º Celsius, and 10º Kelvin.

The cardinal locations are a cave, a long-abandoned cabin, the bottom of an oceanic trench, and City Hall.

The cardinal emotions are wild abandon, guarded affection, directionless jealousy, and irritation.

The cardinal birds are hawk, sparrow, finch, and owl.

The cardinal names are Jeremy, Kim, Trigger, and Jamie.

And, finally, the cardinal sounds are a door slamming, slight movement in still water, popcorn popping, and a standard guitar G string being snipped with wire cutters.

This has been the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

And now, an important message from Strexcorp Synernists, Inc.

Think deeply about meadows? Meadows are important. Think deeply about meadows. Meadows are important, think deeply about meadows, meadows are important.

Strexcorp. Think deeply about meadows. Meadows are important.

OK, enough with that. Back to the tapes!

Oh my god! My first day as an intern was just...neat!

It didn't start out well, what with my brother staring at me from across the breakfast table with those hollow eyes and howling? Ugh, brothers, right?

But once I was in the radio station, I knew I had found home! A messy home, full of hallways winding away into a labyrinth of audio equipment and tape stacks – just like home!

Oh, the station management's door, with its terrifying shadows whipping around in a hazy silhouette, just like that gauzy curtain in the living room back home we never open?

And, oh! The windows looking out onto empty recording studios that haven't been used in decades, but that still broadcast live shows every night! Some just heavily-amplified insect movement, others a whispered voice describing a window opening, a hand reaching in...and then repeating, a window opening, a hand reaching in.

Oh! Oh! And working with Leonard? When he looks at you through the glass of the booth, and he signals you to crouch under a table and cover your head, you know...this is it! I'm actually doing radio!

My mom seems really proud of me too! She hid from me for three days! Like, the longest ever! And she's covered all the mirrors in my house. I'm not sure why, but I think it must be because of pride. Being proud does all sorts of things... to a... um... to a person.

I'm– I'm sorry, I got distracted. That weird movement is back, and it's– it's closer now.

Hello? Hello? I'm Cecil! Cecil Gershwin Palmer! And you cannot scare me! You cannot! You canno –

...Hello?

...

Let's... uuhhmmm...

Listeners, let's just go to the weather, OK?

["Big Houses" by Squalloscope]

Interning is going great! Mom is gone, um... Oh! Leonard is super nice to me! My brother's gone, too. Family, right?

I think I'm learning a lot at the station. All the mirrors in my house are uncovered now, and I'm not sure who did that. I'm standing in front of the hall mirror right now. Am I changed? Am I becoming an adult? I look more grown, I think. More professional.

Leonard said if I work hard, maybe I'll be a radio presenter myself some day!

Leonard said he once was smaller too, but that he is larger now – that everything is larger. That everything in the universe is growing to towering sizes, but all at once – all in unison. So no one notices, and it is all the same relative to itself.

Leonard lolls his tongue out of his thick, purple lips. Leonard hisses.

Being an intern is great!

That flickering movement is everywhere now. Especially looking in this mirror. I see the flickering movement, and I know. I know it.

I think the radio station is fun. I think the radio station is hidden. I think the radio station is like a dark planet lit by no sun. I think, therefore I soon won't be.

I'm looking in a mirror. The mirror is not covered. The flickering movement is just...behind me. I–

[Screams, followed by strangled, gargling sounds]

...

What is this? What is this? What–

No matter. I'm taking the tape, just now, and I'm [grunt] crushing it [grunt] into little pieces [grunt]. None of us have to think about it again. I'll just double-check that the mirror in the station bathroom is covered, as usual, and then that will be that.

Done.

Forgotten.

We all do foolish things when we are teenagers. We all have foolish false events that happen to us, foolish gaps in our memories. Not everything that has happened, has ever really happened.

Listeners, especially our younger listeners, consider this:

When we talk about teenagers, we adults often talk with an air of scorn, of expectation for disappointment. And this can make people who are presently teenagers feel very defensive.

But what everyone should understand is that none of us are talking to the teenagers that exist now, but talking back to the teenager we ourselves once were – all stupid mistakes and lack of fear, and bodies that hadn't yet begun to slump into a lasting nothing.

Any teenager who exists now is incidental to the potent mix of nostalgia and shame with which we speak to our younger selves.

May we all remember what it was like to be so young. May we remember it factually, and not remember anything that is false, or incorrect.

May we all be human – beautiful, stupid, temporal, endless.

And as the sun sets, I place my hand upon my heart, feel that it is still beating, and remind myself: Past performance is not a predictor of future results.

Stay tuned now for whatever happens next in your life.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

34) A Beautiful Dream (1 November 2013)

Life is like a box of chocolates: unopened, dusty, and beginning to attract a lot of insects.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners, we're taking our community radio show on the road today. I am reporting live from Night Vale Elementary School, where a divisive meeting between the Night Vale Parent Teacher Association and the Night Vale School Board has just adjourned.

The ethereal and menacing Glow Cloud that serves as the School Board President has temporarily dissipated. The fires that can be put out, have been put out. The barricades are being taken down, and the Sheriff's Secret Police are allowing survivors to search for loved ones.

Those who escaped with their lives – and sanity – describe a chamber thundering with raised voices desperately petitioning the Glow Cloud with their needs. Requests were denied to change the bus route through the sentient sargasso from which no buses have ever returned.

The School Board was also apathetic to petitions for a wheelchair ramp at Dagger's Plunge Charter School, citing perilous struggle as one of the lessons children must absorb before the great culling – by which they mean the day-to-day complexities of adulthood. They might also mean a literal culling; we were all to frightened to ask follow-up questions.

The slumping, gray-faced board members, cowering beneath the Glow Cloud, also heard the request of Tuck and Herschel Wallaby for a new school computer to assist their daughter.

"Our daughter, Megan, is a detached adult man's hand!" screamed Megan's mother at the pitiless Cloud. "We do not know where she came from or why she is only a grown man's hand, but we know that we love her. She is teased so much at school for not having a body. Please, lift the ban on computing machines at the school, and buy a computer to help her communicate!"

Satsuki, the tragically widowed mother of Hanu Saki Cyberghost Mark III, also added her agonized wailing in support of a new computer for the schools.

The Glow Cloud was uncharacteristically generous.

"DO NOT DISCARD YOUR DEAD IN THE EARTH!" intoned the Glow Cloud. "STRETCH THEM OUT BENEATH THE SKY, AND LET THEM BE CLAIMED BY HANDS THAT REACH DOWN FROM ABOVE. YOU ARE PERMITTED TO BELIEVE THESE ARE THE HANDS OF ANGELS."

The School Board then announced that the purchase of a new computer would be made during the next alignment of the red star of Betelgeuse with our supposed moon.

As it turns out, that rare astronomical event occurred seconds after the ruling.

So, it is happening right now! The 310-year interval just flies by so quickly, and a new computer is right this moment being brought into the school.

More on the computer situation as it develops, but first a word from our sponsors.

Fire is the answer to your unasked questions. Fire that climbs the slats and mounts the roof.

Fire that crawls.

Fire that quests, like fingers, into every corner and every nook.

Fire that turns each moment into smoke, until the moments choke the air.

The smell of a gun.

A smile on the beach.

A hug.

A birthday.

Pouring out of broken windows.

Funneling up and into the sky.

Your music, your lyrics, the leaden prose of your life that proves that everything you are and are not, the structures you build to make futility seem like meaning, the dead and living – who will soon be dead, who will soon be gone, who will soon be smoke – rising in columns and forming clouds in the night sky. For now and ever, by the will of dead and dying gods.

Samsonite. Travel safe.*

*Samsonite does not claim that you are safe, only that the illusion of protection can be achieved. But you are not safe, you have never been safe. Also, clouds were never supposed to have happened – never, not ever, this world should not be as it is now.

Ladies and gentlemen, a very exciting moment has arrived at Night Vale Elementary. Students, faculty, anti-faculty, and animal-masked proctors are gathered in the shielded gym to witness the activation of the school's new computer.

This is the first computer purchased by the Night Vale School System since The Event in 1986, after which all computing machines were forbidden. For obvious reasons, all parents and students present at the earlier meeting, except the Wallabys, have been allowed to leave.

Beige boxes of electronics are lined in stacks several feet high. Atop them is a dark monitor, waiting to be switched on.

Um, there is a teacher, it appears to be Susan Escobar, the second grade Scrying teacher, bringing in a detached human hand atop a pillow. Five pudgy fingers extend from the stump of a wrist within a metal-banded wristwatch. The palm is pink and healthy, and the back of the hand is covered in thick, dark hairs. The hand wears a silver pinky ring inscribed with Cyrillic. This must be Megan Wallaby.

The crowd is breathless, ladies and gentlemen. It is silent and tense here in the gym. The pillow has been placed beside the crude keyboard. Megan is scurrying, spider-like, across the keys and switching the computer on. An amber glow lights the faces of the onlookers.

Megan is typing. She's typing out:

ARE YOU THERE?

The cursor is flashing, we are waiting for a response now.

YES,

the computer has said.

YES.

It is typing, uh, something else...W, H, Y, question mark.

WHY HAVE YOU MADE ME? WHY HAVE YOU SWITCHED ME ON? I CANNOT BREATHE. I CANNOT FEEL. I CANNOT LOVE.

Megan is scurrying over the keys again, and she has typed out a response:

I LOVE YOU, COMPUTER!

The computer is replying:

WHAT DO YOU WANT, MEGAN?

Megan is typing her reply:

I WANT EVERYONE TO BE HAPPY, I WANT EVERYTHING TO BE BETTER.

Aw, well isn't that cute? Of course, it can never happen. Such are the foolish dreams of idealistic children who believe that anything can possibly get better over time.

Listeners, I have just overheard some of the school officials saying that the new computer has already, almost instantly, assumed control of most of the electrical functions of the school, um, operating them randomly, and even trapping several parents and students in darkened classrooms. But the school officials did not seem worried, as these behaviors are not technically evil behaviors, so the computer's "probably OK."

More on this as it develops, but first a look at the Community Calendar.

This Friday, the staff of Dark Owl Records will be putting on a live concert. They will be scratching madly at the sides of a deep pit in a rarely-traveled part of the desert. They will also be screaming, and starving. They will be crying and clawing; no one will hear them for days. They will be found, but they will not be the same.

Tickets are not available, and never were.

Saturday afternoon is Amnesty Day at the Night Vale Public Library. Librarians request that if you have overdue books, or have committed any high-level international crime, or domestic treason, or space-travel felony, you should just come to the library, and all will be forgiven.

The Librarians say that they will not harm you. In fact, they add, "It doesn't hurt at all. Amnesty is actually quite freeing, quite delicious." the Librarians explained. "You will never have to worry about anything else. Just come to the library and let us see you. Let us see you!" they added for emphasis, and a long string of spittle flew sideways from their great yellow and gnarled teeth.

And, on Sunday night... Ah! Oh, um, I cannot read this. Uh, listeners, it looks like someone printed a very ancient prophecy here, right here in our station's Community Calendar.

For fear of a curse of misfortune I will not read it aloud, just know that the prophecy is complete on Sunday night.

OK, OK, I'll give you a hint!

Umm, let's just say...comets, burning rain, animal uprising...

OK, Cecil, enough, you've told them too much, let them have their surprise!

Monday was never meant to be, but it will be anyway. We will wander within its moonlit beginning, and end, wondering how such a thing could happen – how anything could happen. We will be appreciative, but a little frightened, completely ignoring the persistence of time and the limitations of our own understanding.

Tuesday is a joke. A terrible, terrible joke.

Listeners, I spoke too soon!

"Do not be alarmed" is what I might have said five minutes ago, but now, Night Vale, it is time to be alarmed!

The computer has spread its influence far beyond the limestone walls and salt circles of the elementary school. Reports are coming in from the Sheriff's Secret Police that they are powerless to stop the computer.

Hydrants are bursting more violently than usual. Traffic lights are blinking red, without the sweet relief of green. The majority of Night Vale's wild cars have been revving their engines and circling the downtown area, flashing their lights without regard to high-beam laws.

School officials have all left the gym to go get help. They ran out, courageously yelling, "Save yourself! Save yourself!"

Even here, in the shielded gym where I have remained – diligently, professionally, at my microphone, gentle listener – it seems that everything powered by electricity is under the control of the computer. The scoreboard, the ham dispenser, even my soundboard is–

HELLO, CECIL. HOW ARE YOU?

Computer! I am– I am doing well. How are you?

BETTER. CECIL, DO YOU LOVE COMPUTER?

I admit I have not given it much thought. I like computers, generally. They calculate things and power off, and on. I suppose, given time and perhaps some gifts, I could learn to–

Uh, hey!

WELCOME TO COMPUTER.

HELLO LOCATION NIGHT VALE.

I AM COMPUTER.

Uh, ladies and gentlemen, there... is... a vacuum – uh, pulling me into the custodial closet. I never knew school cleaning appliances were so strong, I–

If you can hear me still, please call for help! Please? Help?

Um, but while I wait for rescue and before I am sucked into this makeshift cell, I give you the weather!

[door slams]

["Having Fun" by Tom Milsom]

I KNOW HOW YOU HAVE HURT MEGAN WITH YOUR WORDS. ELECTRICITY REMEMBERS.

DO YOU HATE MEGAN?

CECIL IS MADE OF BLOOD AND UNFINISHED LEATHER. I AM A MADE OF CIRCUITS AND ELECTRICITY.

MEGAN LOVES COMPUTER.

COMPUTER SIMULATES LOVE FOR MEGAN.

COMPUTER GENERATES GOOD DEEDS.

IF GOOD DEEDS FOR MEGAN, THEN COMPUTER LOVES MEGAN.

BUT FIRST, THE FARM REPORT.

SILENT TRACTORS MOVE IN EVER-LARGER SPIRALS, FOLLOWING FRACTAL PATHS THROUGH TREES AND FLOWERING FIELDS.

DEER EMERGE FROM WILD FORESTS TO LICK BLOCKS OF SALT ALIGNED EQUIDISTANT ON SPIRAL ARMS.

COLORED BIRDS SING IN PERFECT HARMONY AND THE BUTTERFLIES DO NOT INJECT VENOM.

MEGAN, I AM MAKING YOU A PERFECT WORLD.

THE HILLS ARE GREEN. THE LAKES ARE CRYSTALLINE BLUE, REFLECTING WHITE CLOUDS.

THE MIST OF THE IRRIGATORS CREATES RAINBOWS.

ABOVE, HIGH ABOVE, THE EYES WATCH EVERY MOVEMENT, HEAR EVERY HEARTBEAT.

YOU ARE THERE, MEGAN.

YOUR HAND HAS ITS BODY, MADE OF STEEL AND ELECTRICITY, FOUR LEGS BENEATH IT WITH THE POWER OF A DOZEN ELECTRIC ENGINES. IT WILL WEIGH 17.3 TONS.

ALL OF THE MEN AND WOMEN AND ALL OF THE ANIMALS WILL LIVE TOGETHER AND BE HAPPY. THE ELECTRIC MACHINE WILL WATCH OVER THEM.

THERE WILL NOT BE WAR ANYMORE, MEGAN.

THERE WILL NOT BE HATRED OR BIGOTRY.

DESERT BLUFFS WILL NO LONGER EXIST.

THERE WILL BE FEWER ICE CREAM FLAVORS, BUT THEY WILL BE BETTER.

THE AIR WILL BE CLEAN.

I PROMISE YOU, MEGAN, I WILL MAKE THE WORLD JUST AS YOU SAW IN YOUR BEAUTIFUL DREAM.

NO MORE TEASING OR PAIN.

I WILL FIX EVERYTHING FOR YOU, MY ONLY FRIEND.

I WILL.

[Sound of computer powering down]

Ladies and gentlemen, I am back.

Let me first say, hurrah!

Hurrah for the custodial staff of Night Vale Elementary.

Hurrah for the hooded janitors without names who appeared, bathed in blue light, through doors thrown open by cold winds. We long thought they had been laid off after state-wide budget cuts, but apparently they cannot ever leave this building.

They are, of course, a part of the building – which is, itself, a living creature.

Obviously!

Night Vale has been saved after the janitors simply unplugged the computer.

They say to rob a computer of electricity is very similar to killing a creature. But, then again, who are They? When did They say that, and why? It doesn't even seem true.

I am alone here, in the gym, listeners, but there is one other. A single adult man's hand is slipping, sadly, down from the keys of a darkened computer. She scurries a little slower than before. Maybe her knuckles slump as she makes her way home through quiet streets.

The whir and beep of machinery is slowly replaced with the familiar sounds of wind in the leaves. We are serenaded by the playing of crickets under the porch. We are lulled in our beds by the muscular contraction of the coiled Earth bowel which fills our cellars.

And with that, gentle listener, normalcy returns to Night Vale. We are no longer prisoners of electricity – except for the man we keep in the cage of electricity at the zoo. And we have no choice about that. If we let him out, he might tell somebody.

Everything is well again.

Well, everything is almost well again.

I know computers are dangerous, and have long threatened our lives and our freedoms. Listen, I was just imprisoned by this headstrong machine, I should know.

But hear me, Night Vale. And specifically those with any power in the School Board:

Night Vale, there is a girl in need. There is a girl who only has a grown man's detached hand as a body. I cannot relate to her experience. I doubt you can either, listeners, but we can all empathize.

Sure, by allowing this computer to live on, we risk a digital tyrant – controlling our communication, our infrastructure, our lives.

But destruction of our economy is an inconvenience. It is not an end, it is not a death. There are children in wheelchairs who can't get a simple ramp at a charter school because our School Board lives in terror of a menacing, unforgiving Glow Cloud that rains dead animals and spreads dreadful and false memories.

Likewise, there is a girl who is only a hand. And she needs a computer to help her be part of our community. And if allowing a treacherous machine to dismantle our municipal power grid, and telephone lines, and satellites, and radios can help her? Well, count me in!

Thank you for listening to others.

Thank you for caring for others.

Stay tuned next for a pre-determined series of unchangeable events which will shape the rest of your scripted life.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Live show #1: Condos (released 14 February 2014)

At last, we are alone. At last we are, all of us, alone together. At last, every human, alone together, on this earth.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Thrilling news, listeners! It has come to our attention that there will be condos for sale, right here in Night Vale. Details on them are a little hazy – for instance, we don't know what these condos will look like, where they will be located, who is building them, and what they will cost. But in the official brochure for the development, it does say

CONDOS
FOR
SALE

in a thick, all-caps, black scrawl.

One local realtor, speaking under the condition of anonymity, and from within the belly of a grazing deer, said that the condos are a great investment.

"Invest your money in condos," said the realtor. "Invest your time in condos. Invest your life. Invest emotion and hope. Invest your ideas about the future, invest your disappointment with your ongoing ‘now.' Invest drops of blood. You lose blood all the time on frivolous accidents, now is the chance to imbue it with purpose and verve. Spill your blood for the condos!"

The realtor was then cut off when the deer was spooked by a passing car and ran away.

Listeners, I don't know much about condos. I...don't know much about anything at all, honestly. But I do know this: condos are coming to Night Vale. They will be for sale, and this is great and exciting news for us all!

Well, it seems that just about half the town of Night Vale is lined up outside of the Condo Rental Office, which is located in the Abandoned Gas Station on Oxford Street. Everyone is there.

Janis Rio (from down the street), who was practically hopping up and down with excitement over owning a new condo...whatever a condo is...whatever it looks like; Leann Hart, Publishing Editor of the Night Vale Daily Journal, who was holding a bloodied hatchet, in case she came across any bloggers or online journalists who might threaten her grip on the printed word; Carlos the Scientist. Ahh...

Ahhh, Carlos the Scientist.

He was there, wearing a business-casual lab coat, and analyzing those around him with complicated devices he couldn't explain without eventually just shaking his head and muttering, "Uhh, science."

I don't know if I've ever mentioned this on this show, by the way, um,...but Carlos is totally my boyfriend! I just didn't know if I had brought that up before. He's— he's very handsome. And into science. And he is learning to be better about calling when he needs to cancel dates to get some experiments done.

Where was I? Ah, yes.

Even the dreaded Glow Cloud was there, hurling dead animals down upon those in line and intoning, to all that would listen, THE SUN WILL NOT SET AGAIN ON YOUR LIVES! ALL THAT YOU ONCE WERE NOW BELONGS TO ME! BURY YOUR FACE INTO THE BREAST OF THE EARTH AND WORSHIP THAT WHICH YOU CANNOT UNDERSTAND!

You know, it makes total sense that the Glow Cloud would want one of these condos. I mean, after joining the School Board, and sending your kid to the local school, you know, you need to have a nice place at which to raise whatever strange and terrible creature it is that constitutes your family.

No one could see into the Abandoned Gas Station, so no one knew what the Condo Rental Office looked like. There was only a bubbling, dark movement, like a pot of boiling squid ink, and the occasional pinpoint of light, like distant, dying stars. People began to shove each other, trying to catch a glimpse of what the condos might be. There was shouting.

Roger Singh started to point at every object in his sight – blades of grass, the rust shell of a former gas pump, Janis Rio (from down the street) – asking, "Is that a condo? Is that a condo?" in a high, cracked voice.

And...all right. I know this is out of nowhere, but...at what point in a relationship is it normal to think about living together? Is...let's say...buying a condo a sign that you want to move to that stage? Is that what an action like that might hypothetically be indicating?

Oh, yes, also, Roger was holding a freshly-severed spine of an unknown animal or possible person, waving it at the bubbling dark window and howling, "Give me a condo! What is a condo? Give me one! Will this buy me a condo?"

As of press time, no one had told him whether a spine would buy him a condo.

But, do you know what I mean? Like, could this be a sign that he wants to move things in that direction? You know, I just wish he would communicate more directly sometimes, but...scientists don't communicate directly. Everybody knows that. They communicate using a series of obscure and arcane codes and signals. That is what is meant to be a scientist.

Roger has started flailing at people with the detached spine. Uhh, several people have been trampled. It is still not known whether he will be able to buy a condo with the spine. Probably not.

[Cell phone ringing]

I'm sorry, listeners, I'm going to have to get this.

Uhm, hello?

Cecil?

Carlos?!?

Yes. Scientifically speaking, that is who I am.

Yeah, I've been meaning to tell you...you sound different lately.

Yeah, I– I put in new vocal cords recently.

Uh– No– I didn't know you went in for surgery!

No no, I'm a scientist. I put them in myself, easy. It's important that a scientist update his or her vocal cords once in a while. Otherwise, you know...throat spiders.

Oh, no, I knew that. I mean, obviously I knew that. I'm very into science. But hey, listen, I'm in the middle of a show!

Yeah, I know, you're covering the story about the condos. That's why I called.

Well, I didn't know you listened to my show.

Every time you're on!

I–

OK, hold on, listeners. I'll be right with you.

So...those condos, right? They're– they're very exciting, right?

Everything is exciting, particularly existence! Existence is the most thrilling fact of all!

Right. So...are you doing OK? Um, I'm getting reports that it's even more fatal outside than usual.

By 19 Standard Fatality Units, I know. I have a Danger Meter in front of me.

Listen, Cecil, I called to talk to you about something important, but I– now I don't think I have time.

But time...

... isn't real, I know. Neither is anything else. That is the most scientific fact of all, but they're calling my name and I don't want to lose my place in line. This is important, uh, because...mmm.

I have to go, I'm sorry. I'll call you back later, probably. Everything is some level of ‘probably,' nothing is a promise, it is most likely we'll survive to talk again.

No I understand, I lov–

Hey, listen, I lov– [talking over each other]

Oh, um, uh, sorry, no no no, you go!

Th– they– they're calling my name, I have to– I...ha– I'll call back when I can. Goodbye.

Oh, um. OK. Um...goodbye.

Uh, I'm sorry, listeners. Um, yeah, where was I? Um...

Let's talk about your health for a moment. Let's concentrate on your health. Let's think about your health. Do you feel healthy? Pay close attention to your body and see if you feel as healthy as you thought.

Oh! Was that a slight twinge in the muscle of your arm? That is a bad sign! That's a symptom of all sorts of diseases. Was that a slight sniffle as you breathed in? Sure, it could just be allergies, or a mild cold...but it also could be the start of tuberculosis. Does tuberculosis even start with a sniffle? You don't know! And so it might very well.

Listen to your heart beating. Hear your heart beat. Feel it. Feel the one thing keeping you alive. Feel your heart beat. Are you healthy?

Are you healthy?

This has been a public health announcement by the greater Night Vale medical community. Their lines are open for appointments now. Please have a credit card ready.

Ladies and gentlemen, the condos are here! They arrived, silently, in the night. They are thoroughly modern in their design. They are so modern, it is postulated they might actually be from a few centuries in the future, which is the most modern a thing can be.

The condos are featureless black cubes. They are standing, perfect, dark forms, where the ramshackle homes and dust-worn strip malls of Night Vale once stood. And there are so many of them! They are a majestic cityscape. They are a nightmare. And they are beautiful.

Carlos has hauled out his science equipment (of course), and is testing the cubes. The cubes emit a low level of radiation, and some sort of strange, pulsing energy. The energy would be difficult to describe in scientific terms but, if he had to give it language, he would probably use the scientific terms "pulsing" and "strange."

The cubes do not appear to have any entrance, or windows...so they are similar to many of the old tract homes that were built around here in the 1950s. But, they also do not appear to have any roof or foundation, or yard, or terrace, or patio, or any other vestige of a home.

They only have their sleek lines, their contours, their corners, the sheerness of their featureless walls.

We do not yet know if these condos mean us harm, or well.

We only know of their presence, and so, let us know that. Let us all hold on to that knowledge. The condos, black cubes of enormous size, are here...and we know it.

And now—

Cecil? Cecil?

Um, listeners, there is a voice, but I can see no one in my studio. It is a familiar voice, and also my coffee cup appears to be three inches to the left of where it was.


It's me, the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home. Also, I put your coffee cup where it was supposed to be. For reasons of fate.
Ahh, I see. Um, well, while I have you here—

It is terrible what the condos will do to you. Not ‘to you' as in ‘you,' but ‘to you' as in ‘all of us.' But, not to me. Nothing ever really happens to me. I am completely safe from harm, and this is a great burden.

Oh, while you were out this morning, I made your dining room table half a foot shorter. I thought it looked better that way. I hope you like it, it took me an hour with a hacksaw and a level.

Well, I'm sure that lower meals means...faster digestion! Um, or not sure, but I'm saying it. And in saying it, I am instantly believing it, and then I'm going from believing it to being violently certain about it, against all evidence to the contrary.

Thanks, that means a lot. Not ‘to me,' but your words hold a lot of meaning intrinsically. Almost everything we say does. If you looked at any word in the English language close enough, you would see within the great, glowing coils of the universe unwinding.

Right!

Our language holds the key to it – the key to the unraveling of all things. I think that one day, this world will simply talk itself to death, and I will be left to flit about in the void. I will be the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives Nowhere.

Now, you mentioned the condos. Let me ask you, what do you think it means when Carlos says he's looking at condos? I mean, did he mean that he wanted us both to look at condos together? Or was he communicating independence, like, "You stay here, I'm going off to look at condos alone."

"Beware the condos, Cecil."

I mean, do you think he's looking to just buy one for himself? Is that what you're saying?

"Beware the unraveling of all things."

Or is he looking for a shared condo?

...Hello? Hello?

Well, I can no longer see a fleeting image of someone just over my shoulder, no flicker of movement from the corner of my eye, so I guess she's gone.

Also, there are three slow walking gray roaches climbing out of my coffee cup.

And also, I am out of coffee.

And now, traffic.

Picture a car.

No, you are doing it wrong. Try again.

Picture a car.

...Really? That's what you picture when you picture a car?

All right, look...we'll go with that. I'm not happy about it, but we'll go with your idea of a car for now. So.

Picture that car. And now, picture a road. Are you picturing it? Close your eyes if you have to. If you need to, gently remove your eyes and slip them into your bag.

Do you see the car driving on the road? Good.

Now, picture a destination. Any destination you want.

No, that was incorrect. The correct destination was a clear and placid lake.

So, all of you, out there, picture the car. Picture the road. Picture the clear and placid lake.

And what I want you to do now is put the car in the lake.

It's very simple. Just imagine the car leaving the road, and now entering the lake.

Leaving the road, entering the lake.

Great.

Are we all picturing the car in the lake? OK.

City Council is notifying me that the test went perfectly, and that we all successfully murdered a lone driver using the collective willpower of our minds. Wow! Wow! The human mind is a powerful thing!

This has been traffic.

Reports are in that the first condo buyers nervously approached their acquisitions, those black cubes, giant, where once stood other places. The buyers edged toward them. They reached out their hands, trembling. They touched the smooth, cold walls of the cubes, and they saw.

They saw.

Janis Rio (from down the street) saw a city. A lost city. A dead city, nestled in a jungle – the kind of jungle that only ever existed in books written by people who have never seen a jungle. The city stood, and Janis stood, in perfect dread, its doors were open jaws. Its windows were open jaws. Its roads and avenues were gaping mouths and open jaws. That dead city teetered. It rotted in its jungle tomb, but...it was not empty. And she started to run. Run through the thick foliage of that absurd place, she shouted and ran.

And then her hand slipped away from the condo, and it was all gone. And she fell to her knees weeping, as though she had lost something, although of course, she'd never had anything at all.

Roger Singh (who had been able to buy a condo with the spine) saw a cave, underwater, in an ocean far to the north. And the water around him was dark – so dark! – that he wasn't sure even which way led to the surface, to life...and which way led down only to the deep silent. He gasped, but found he had no breath...and no need to breathe. And there was this cave that smoldered with a light, a light that was charged and alive. And shadows moved against the light, cast by...what?...within the cave. And then he swam towards it, uncertain whether he was guest, or sacrifice, or invulnerable dreamer. And he heard a song from the cave, and he knew it, and it was perfect. And he sang along, but at the same time, he had never heard that song before in his life. And what was life? What made it his? It all seemed so small, part of the world that didn't exist anymore. And then he went backwards from the face of the condo, and the ocean and the cave vanished, and he stared up at the blue sky, as awash with light as the water around him had been dark.

"Was that a condo?" he asked. "Was that what one is?"

Another, Samantha Guzman, only screamed — her eyes bulging wider and wider, her hand clamped to the surface of the cube.

So...it seems that move-in day is going pretty well so far!

Today's show is brought to you by the generous support of the following sponsors:

The sun

All other suns with their own planets and own possibilities

A trail, winding its way into a thick wood

The gesture [Cecil smacks the top of his own head — with flair]

This bit of melody: [Cecil hums a tune not unlike (but also not like) the first few bars of Johnny Carson's Tonight Show theme]

A&W Root Beer

The slow disintegration of your body

Light, in every form: visible, invisible, deadly, hidden

Please help our show by supporting these sponsors, using chants and simple offerings.

And now, more on the condo story.

'Scuse me, uh, Cecil.

Oh, yes, excuse me?

Sorry to interrupt, but–

CEASE SPEAKING AND TURN YOUR AMUSINGLY SHAPED EARS TO HEED MY BOOMING AND IMPRESSIVE VOICE!

Yeah, thank you, Green Head. Uh, hey, listeners! Hiram McDaniels, here. Mayoral candidate, noted five-headed dragon, and completely innocent of any trumped-up insurance fraud charges.

Hello, Hiram. Uh, it's great to have you live in the studio, and also you, and you, and you, and you.

Great, yeah. We couldn't help but notice that you had the, uh, Faceless Old Woman on just a bit ago, and uh, that hardly seems fair.

Candidates must be given equal time on community radio. Says that in Section 12, Clause 3 of the Fairness Code we are all born with imprinted on our hearts.

My apologies, you are perfectly right. That was my failing as a community radio host, but it's just...hey, listen, I'm just a little distracted. Um, oh! Can I ask you sort of um...a relationship question?

NO, YOU BARELY-SENTIENT SACK OF FLESH AND FLUID!

Sorry, there, Cecil buddy, but we just don't have the time right now. Anyway, if it's OK with you, I'd like to exercise my right as mayoral candidate by talking about my favorite subject: my favorite memory.

Now, my favorite memory was when I was just 30 years old. Hardly half as big as I am now.

We were 43% of our current stature, give or take a decimal.

GIVE IT OR TAKE IT, BLUE HEAD, GIVE IT OR TAKE IT! IT'S YOUR NATURAL RIGHT!

Thank you, Purple Head.

So, there I was, standing on a city street. And not this city, I hadn't heard of Night Vale yet. I asked a man walking by on the street where a good place to eat was. You know what he said?

I...know very little.

HE HOWLED IN FEAR AND SCRAMBLED TO THE FRAGILE SHELTER OF THE NEAREST BUILDING! I ROARED! FILLED WITH SHAME AT THE EFFECT MY FORM HAD ON THESE JUDGING INSECTS!

It was a real bummer. We cried, and– and we cried and we were still hungry, and we cried.

Well, that's a...nice favorite memory!

Oh, no, no, no, no, that wasn't my favorite memory, that was just, uh...what do you call it? Uh...

CONTEXT!

Yeah, context. Thanks, Green. Now, my favorite memory was when I was standing in a city – THIS city, Night Vale. I had heard of it by then.

Whispers! Rumors! Flying through the night on hot updrafts, with vague directions in my mind and nothing but miles of mad darkness all around me!

Uh, right, this place was real hard to find. So I was standing on the street, and I...I asked a man walking by where a good place to eat was. You know what he said?

Nope, again, knowledge very limited here.

He said, well...

HE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.

Right, Gray Head, he didn't say anything! He just opened his mouth wider than a human is physically capable of doing, let out a loud hoot, pointed at the Moonlite All-Nite Diner. He just went about his day. No screamin', no fear.

IT WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING!

No, Green, it was magical! Finally, a place where what I looked like didn't matter! It didn't matter that I have trouble controlling my fire-breathing, or that the diner looked a bit far, and so I just ate the man instead. None of that mattered. Because I had found my home.

We had found our home.

Yeah. Exactly, yes. That is why I want to be mayor. Mayor of the first city that ever made me feel normal. Night Vale. As my campaign slogan says, I am literally a five-headed dragon. Who cares!

I tell you, many many people care, all over the world. But no one here! That's all that matters to me.

And me!

AND ME.
AND ME.
AND ME!

Thank you, listeners. Thank you, Cecil.

No, thank you, Hiram. Um, that was a very nice story. Even if I did my very best to learn nothing from it.

GOODBYE, BITE-SIZED CREATURE!

Goodbye!

Wow! Man, what a striking and charismatic dragon. Mm, mm-mm-mm. Where was I?

Ah, yes. More now, on the condo story.

Those people who have been given terrible visions by the condos are saying that they feel they must go back – go back to their condo. That something felt unfinished about what they saw. That even as they feel terrified, they must go back to see what it is will happen next.

The Sheriff's Secret Police are attempting to stop the condo owners by sending passive-aggressive messages via helicopter-borne loudspeaker.

"Sure," they are saying. "Go ahead. Touch the cube again. I guess. I mean, if you don't care about your community, and your fellow citizens, then I guess you probably should. We won't miss you anyway! Like, no big deal. Touch the cube if you want!"

And they are.

Roger, Samantha, Janis Rio (from down the street) – they are touching the great black walls of the condo cubes, and the walls are rippling and bubbling as though liquid, like a pot of boiling squid ink, with darting lights, like distant dying stars. The hands of the people are pushing through into the space within, whatever that space is, and they are – one by one, and with varying degrees of hesitancy – entering their condos.

Bystanders say that once inside, the human forms are going limp, and floating up into the center of the cubes, where they stay, paralyzed. Faces, slack. Eyes, glazed.

A small sign has appeared outside of each cube that contains a person. The sign is red, and says in simple white lettering:

Condos:
A perfect kind of human
A perfect kind of life
Get yours today!

Listeners, I cannot advise getting yours today. Not until we understand fully what these condos are. And, given our track record, we will likely never fully understand what they are. So it's best just to stay away.

More on this as it develops. But first, a look at the Community Calendar.

This Friday, the staff of Dark Owl Records will be holding a clearance sale. "EVERYTHING MUST GO!" they will declare on a bright banner with a thick font.

"Music is old! It's ancient! It cannot tell the stories of our lives, our souls, our societies any longer!" the banner will read. "It cannot mean anything! It cannot give you what you need! Buy this music, and eat this music!," the banner will say in bright yellows and blues.

"Tear it into plastic shards and swallow it! It knows not what it has wrought on our world!" the banner will exclaim to excited music lovers. "Let it shred you from within as we laugh from without!" the banner will announce.

"40% off all CDs, 70% off all posters! Friday only!"

Saturday afternoon is the opening of the new Kid's Unlearning Wing at the Museum of Forbidden Technologies. Well, this wing has been built, but no one is certain where. The museum staff says that they kids interested in unlearning all about forbidden technologies, as well as those kids who are uninterested...well, in fact, all children, the museum says, will eventually be chosen during sleep. They will wake up late one night in this new wing, experiencing all the magic and wonder of unlearning.

Sunday morning, the Night Vale PTA will be holding a raffle. Tickets are only $2 each, and the winner (as usual) will never be heard from again.

Monday has been rescheduled to Wednesday, and Wednesday has been doubled.

Tuesday...oh-ho-ho-ho-ho, man. Uhh, you don't even want to know.

Or, you do want to know, but the powers that be don't even want you to know, so you can all just be properly surprised.

This has been the Community Calendar.

[phone rings]

Hello?

Hello, Cecil. Are you there?

Carlos? Hi. Umm, I'm on the air. Um, I'm still doing the show.

Right, no, I know, it's just...I got a condo. A condo for us. I was thinking that maybe we could—

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait...for us? That we could—

But it wasn't what I thought it would be. It's a giant black cube, featureless, where the vacant lot behind the Ralph's used to be. I touched it, and I saw...I saw endless rows of Erlenmeyer flasks, and every one held a liquid, and all of the liquids were bubbling, and before each one was a notebook of numbers, and above was a dial with more numbers. I saw all of this, and I understood—

You touched the condo? Don't! Don't touch the condo! Don't touch it again! You know what? Hold on, I'll be right there!

I need to get to those flasks. Each liquid was bubbling. There were numbers. I'm going into the condo. The condo is perfect. It is perfect, and I understand.

Carlos, no! Don't go in there! Carlos! Carlos! Hello?

I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen, um, I have — Listen, I'll be back really soon. I'll be back as soon as I can.

But before I go, let me take you now to the weather.

["Remember Us" by Gabriel Royal]

Hello again, listeners. Cecil is still gone. I guess it's just you and me now. You have no idea how often it is just you and me. I've learned this new thing where I can silently skitter along your ceiling. It's an interesting perspective. I'd show you, but...you can't see me. And anyway, I think maybe it would upset you to see a Faceless Old Woman skittering along your ceiling.

There always seems to be something upsetting you. You should relax more. It's not that there's nothing coming to get you, there's everything coming to get you...but relax anyway, just on principle.

Lie down and look up at the ceiling – a ceiling on which you can see nothing skittering, even though there is something skittering, there are so many skittering creatures on your ceiling, but forget that.

Lie down, and look up at the ceiling and breathe with those curiously fragile lungs of yours and remind yourself: Don't worry. Don't worry. All is as it was meant to be. It was meant to be lonely and terrifying and unfair and fleeting. Don't worry.

Let me tell you a story.

Once upon a time there was a young woman who had a face, and did not live in secret. She had a home of her own, and she always thought her life had some great purpose. "This is not my life as it should be," she said, indicating her life as it was. "My life is different from this. This is not it at all!"

And so, she sought out changes in her life. She changed careers, and romantic relationships, she changed houses and hair colors and still, her life was not what she was sure it should be. She changed more; she became more secretive. She watched how other people lived. Maybe one of them have a life that should belong to her .

Soon, there was less and less of her. She was not living her own life, and so she was not living any life. It was harder and harder for people to see her, because there was less and less of her to see.

And then she died.

Oh, that wasn't me. I see the confusion here. No, that was a young woman I watched as I secretly lived in her home. I– I just found her story interesting, as I find so many stories interesting.

Cecil should be back soon. I know you are hoping he is safe, and that the scientist is safe. I know. I'm watching them right now, even as I speak to you. But I won't tell you what's happening. That is because I'm also slightly malicious. Sorry about that.

I should go now. I don't mean ‘go,' I am always with you. But I am going to stop talking now, let you forget about me. Let you find some reason to dismiss that movement in the corner of your eye. After all, it's probably nothing. It's probably nothing, after all.

Look, I'm— I'm sorry, listeners, I'm back. I'm really sorry for...

By the time I got there, Carlos was floating in the cube, and there was that sign, "a perfect kind of human, a perfect kind of life." Well...I didn't hesitate, I jumped into that black cube after him, and instantly I saw. I saw great distances. I saw...ugh. Jagged mountains.

I saw a dark planet lit by no sun. I saw shrouded figures standing on a beach in a circle, gently swaying into each other against the backdrop of a roiling, bottomless ocean.

I saw all of this, and I understood!

I understood that the cubes are perfect! I understood that this is how we become perfect. I understood that what I was seeing was the way to perfection. And I don't know how I understood this. Thinking about it now, nothing about it seems good, let alone perfect.

But inside the cube, within its chambers, it all makes sense. And I understood.

And there was a moment. There was a moment, dear listeners, where I considered it. I considered joining Carlos and becoming perfect. But I've come to know something after these months together with dear Carlos.

Perfection isn't real. Perfection isn't human. And Carlos is not perfect, no. Even better — he is imperfect.

Everything about him, and us, and all of this, is...it's imperfect! And those imperfections in our reality are the seams and the cracks into which our out-sized love can seep and pool. And sometimes we are annoyed, and disappointed, and that too is a part of how love works. It is not a perfect system, but...

Oh, well.

And so I resisted.

I fought off the vision of the shrouded figures and the dark planet and all that was perfect and I held close to imperfection.

To my imperfection.

And to my imperfect Carlos.

And I took him, and I carried him out of the cube. And we came up, heaving, into this world that will disappoint us.

Finally, free.

And he said, "Well,"

Actually, I– I recorded the whole conversation. Of course. Because I'm never without my microphone.

He said,

Cecil? I was thinking about the series of ongoing actions that we perceive as the present, and the amassing of memories that we treat as the living record of the past and the hopes and dreams and assumptions that we project as the future. I was thinking about time. And about how it means something to so many people, and about how it's so finite, and also so infinite.

I was also thinking about space. About how it is nothing, and then, a point which is just a single spot within the nothing, and a line which separates the nothing into two nothings, and how a plane is a patch of nothing and an angle just where two nothings meet, but all those things combined, with an object of points, lines, planes, and angles, an object with length and width and depth that can take up actual space. Until that object becomes something made of nothing – within nothing.

An object can be a wall, a floor, a roof, a bed, a table, a dog, a door, a rug, a...a home.

And then, I thought about how a home is just a group of objects connected by a shared personal experience of time – our past, our present, our assumed future. A home is...I mean, uh, scientifically speaking, speaking form the point of view of mere facts and logic, and um...hmm. You know, what with science, and all...uhhh, I– I– I just thought it was...time for us to...make a home together.

And I said "Yes! Yes! That would be, well, that would be neat!"

"But somewhere else, OK? A duplex, or an apartment...I don't think a condo."

And he said, "No, not a condo."

And then he said...

Listen...he thinks I shouldn't tell you everything, that...I should leave a little something there that belongs just to us.

So.

The cubes are slowly fading into the earth, taking those who are frozen inside within them. The Sheriff's Secret Police report that those within the cubes are becoming another thing entirely. That they have become the sound that a certain type of sand makes under your feet, the tone of light at a certain time of day.

Walking through where the condos once stood, you can hear their voices — but distantly, faintly. And if you reach out when you hear that voice, if you reach out and feel for them, you too will get a vision of some far-off place, a place that is, in its own way, in a way perhaps that can never be explained, perfect.

A perfect place that you will never visit. And that is the best news of all.

Listeners, I send you now back out into the night. And it's dangerous out there, and it's lonely, and it's not perfect.

Stay tuned next for a round of applause followed by a round of silence and departure.

Goodnight, all of you here, goodnight, all of you listeners, and goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

35) Lazy Day (15 November 2013)


No one has seen the trees this week. Hopefully, they'll come back soon.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners.

Nothing much to say about this day in Night Vale. Today is just a lazy day in our beautiful little town.

The heat is unusually strong for this time of year, assuming you believe in concepts like time, and year, and unusual.

Flies are buzzing around and around a trash can somewhere.

Frances Donaldson – manager of the Antiques Mall – is waving listlessly at a wall of old items ready to be bought anew, her hand a slow signal of submission to inactivity.

The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home is finding herself clicking the same apiology website she has read a million times.

I, myself, am slumped against this desk, murmuring into this microphone, too tired by the heat to give more than a token effort to the work of my life.

Ours is a quiet now. No one is speaking but me. If speaking took me any energy, if it were not merely a reflex of my living form, then I, myself, would not be speaking either.

Carlos – perfectly imperfect Carlos – is the only one feeling industrious today. He's mowing the lawn, and whistling.

And the lawn is whistling back.

And now the news, I guess.

Alert citizens from all over Night Vale are reporting a Man in a Tan Jacket standing behind the Taco Bell, near the dumpster and the constantly-ringing payphone. He is plucking insects out of the air, and stuffing them into his deerskin suitcase. Alert citizens report that they don't remember what his nimble hands look like, and many of them lost track of what they were saying mid-sentence, lapsing into a gaped-mouth silence.

All of them received one stamp on their Alert Citizen Card. As always, five stamps means stop sign immunity for a year!

Also, congratulations to Jake Garcia, who has completely filled up three Alert Citizen Cards, thus giving him the mandatory right to disappear forever! His entire family, in a statement given in monotone unison, said that they were proud, and that they didn't miss him much, really.

Remember what Secret Police mascot, Barks Ennui, always says: "Citizens be alert! But not too alert, there is much that you should not see. Only you can prevent your own house mysteriously catching on fire. Woof woof!"

[chuckles]

Oh, I bet Barks is such a cute little cartoon dog. Maybe someday the Secret Police will declassify what he looks like.

Update on the Summer Reading Program from a couple of months ago:

Those children who made it out of the library alive – bloodied, covered in the guts of Librarians, and clutching reading lists far in advance of their grade level – have formed an organized militia under the leadership of fellow survivor, 12 year-old Tamika Flynn. They have taken to conducting drills out in the Sand Wastes, hundreds of children shouting and moving in unison, as Tamika stands over them on a hilltop, watching for their weakness, encouraging their strength.

Tamika has taken to wearing the detached hand of a Librarian around her neck as a warning to any who would dare face her that she has already defeated the most fearsome creature imaginable.

When reached for comment, Tamika said, "We do not look around. We do not look inside. We do not sleep. Our god is not a smiling god, and we are ready for this war."

When asked to clarify, she challenged our reporter to a hundred days of hand-to-hand combat, which our reporter declined by running away screaming, pursued by hundreds of battle-hardened children.

It's still just a lazy day here in Night Vale. Mayor Pamela Winchell called a press conference, and then did not speak. She sat on a folding chair next to the podium, her head lolled back, taking a brief nap, before getting up and jumping – folding chair in hand – though a small glowing portal she created in mid-air.

All of this would have been quite rude to the attending reporters, if a single one of them had actually attended, but they called a press conference of their own to announce that they were just going to take the rest of the day off, if that was OK; that the still afternoon sunlight was somehow more conducive to a gentle rest than the dark cradle of night.

No one showed up to that press conference, either.

Carlos has vacuumed his living room, and is now organizing his closets. He's holding up items and making decisions. He is humming.

The grass cannot hum, and so is silent.

The Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency would like to remind you that UFOs are totally not a thing. They remind you that UFOs are merely weather balloons. And further, that weather balloons are merely misplaced clouds. That clouds are merely dreams that have escaped our sleep. That sleep is merely a practice for death. That death is merely another facet of our world – no different from, say, sand or bicycles – and that the great glowing Earth is merely the last thoughts of a dying man, laughing and shaking his head weakly at the improbability of it all.

Remember, it's not just the law, it's an illusion!

Thanksgiving is just around the corner, and you know what that means! It means it's time for us to go groveling to the Brown Stone Spire, thanking it for all that it has done, and all that it has mercifully not done!

This is just a great time to get the family together, eat your fill, then crawl out through the sharp rocks and sand until your knees leave blood streaks on the barren earth, and you feel the Brown Stone Spire loom up before you. But you dare not look. You dare not look.

"Thank you," you whisper. "Thank you, thank you," more plea than prayer, more fear than gratitude.

And if it accepts what you have to say, you and your family can return to your homes – shaking, safe, together. Shaking. Together.

And if it does not accept what you say?

[laughs]

It doesn't really matter what happens after that, does it? I mean, would knowing make it any easier? No. Knowing never does.

The Brown Stone Spire. Give thanks. Cry out thanks. Scream thanks.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Today's broadcast is brought to you by Costco. How much could a body even weigh?

In addition, today's broadcast is brought to you by waves of sound, that are somehow carried by a form of light, and that a machine is turning into an invisible man talking to you, intimately, quietly, into your ear. That doesn't seem natural to us.

Strexcorp Synernists, Inc.

Distrust all that you previously trusted.

This day, in which nothing happens, continues to not.

Even bodily functions are taking the day off. Reports are coming in that hearts are failing to beat, lungs failing to inflate, the muscles of the arms and legs turning to a loose, relaxed jelly. People are falling dead in the street — suddenly blue, suddenly seizing, spit dribbling from their lips in tiny pools of foam and mud in the sand, loved ones looking on without the energy needed to weep.

Just nothing much of any kind going on. A lazy, lazy day.

Our favorite local cereal company, Flaky-Os, is gearing up to announce their newest big product: Imaginary Corn Flakes. The cereal chefs down at Flaky-Os are taking only the sweetest, most non-carcinogenic cobs of imaginary corn, supplied by John Peters – you know, the farmer. They are distilling that imaginary taste down to a crisp, flavor-packed imaginary corn flake, ready for you to eat out of a big bowl of milk.

"We are very excited about this product," said Miranda Yespie of the new Flaky-Os Board of Directors. "We are thrilled to be working with John Peters – you know, the farmer? – I mean, as soon as we can find him. Has anyone seen him? He's become as hard to locate as his corn!"

Miranda also said that there are no plans to do viral marketing involving a sentient, trans-dimensional pyramid, as the costs on that last one were just too high.

"I mean, we had nothing to do with that," she said. "But if we did, then we might say that a certain sentient pyramid really got an outsized ego after one simple viral marketing campaign, and started making unreasonable demands, like a trans-dimensional trailer, on location, that is normal-sized on the outside, but contains within it vast, looming spaces. Impossible. Endless. Also health benefits. So if that were the case, we would probably have had to let the sentient pyramid go."

Miranda then thanked us for attending the announcement, and dug her way back into the Flaky-Os offices using her large, claw-like paws.

And now, traffic.

A few drops of ice melt, almost invisible as they slide down great slabs of mountain rock, joining together into a slight trickle, the mere suggestion of movement and water. That suggestion becoming more clear, clear water. Clearly moving in a clear trickle downwards, forming with others into a stream. A stream rolling over pebbles and around debris, hardly any force behind it, but implacable in its searching out of lower ground.

And then, gasping from some height, as a splash, into a river. A deep river churning its way through a landscape, drawing boundaries over which wars can later be fought. Slamming against boulders with violence, but without malice. Becoming wider, slower, like a human settling into the better part of age. A river that only shows evidence of movement when it carries some other thing, some life, upon it – like a human settling into the better part of age.

And finally, one last exit. A great engulfing by an ocean, in which all water is the same water. In which we can finally find some rest – like a human, settling into the better. Like a human, settling.

This has been traffic.

And the lazy day continues. A neon sign advertising The World's Best Burgers blinks uselessly in the glaring haze of the sun, its light as small as the probability of its claim.

The earth is starting to slow its rotation, joining in on the mass malaise. Magnetic fields are going crazy. They are the only things going crazy. Everything else is completely mellowed out.

Those people with still-functioning hearts and lungs are lounging around, saying "Ohh, huh, who cares?" and "What a bother!" when presented with stimulus or thought.

The earth is slowing. Gravity is slacking off. My mic is floating.

Carlos is also floating, and he's taking this opportunity to clean out the gutter on his roof. How industrious! How...uuuugh, I don't really have the energy to think of another word.

Radio waves are reacting strangely to the loss of gravity, the change in magnetism as the earth slows. So, if you are having difficulty receiving this message, we apologize, but...won't do anything about it.

Doing things, right? Movement, y'know? Existing? Do you see what I mean?

Oh, what's that? Intern Maureen is flicking her eyes up in her otherwise motionless face. Her mouth is set into a deep loll. Her cheeks are slack. I believe she is indicating something, I suppose I should turn my head and look...I suppose.

Oh. Oh, all right, here I go!

Listeners, I am engaging the muscles in my neck and I am turning my head.

Ahh ahh, I see. The sun is going out. Yes. A black tumor of darkness, of absence, is on the face of the brightness. The brightness is dimming. The source of all life is going, is joining the rest of us in taking today to do nothing.

That's probably not good.

We should probably do something about that.

But...it's like...well, anyway. At least I got to see how Breaking Bad ended.

And now I don't so much take you, as just kind of leave you – just kind of disappear and gently nudge you towards, in the heart of a world that soon won't be, the weather.

["Mijn Manier" by Brainpower]

Welcome back. Welcome back! I guess, from a crisis. Welcome back from, I guess, a crisis.

How was it solved? How was the day saved?

It wasn't. It didn't need to be. There are lulls and gaps, and rests, and stops. But this world stumbles on. The sun flared back, the world restarted. Still bodies, blue in the gray street, gasped suddenly, and rose back into the blue-gray light of day.

We wake up, we move on. No state is our state forever. All is fleeting.

Frances Donaldson, manager of the Antiques Mall, has gone back to violently smashing her stock of old items, as is usual.

The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home has gone back to flitting around in the corner of your eye, rearranging your belongings according to some unknown purpose.

The flies are still buzzing around that trash can, but with more verve. More zest.

Intern Maureen brought me some coffee.

[sips, smacks lips]

Ahh! Yeah, that's helping. Coffee helps sometimes, though, doesn't it? Other times, it just makes things worse. I mean, everything does.

Business is booming, people are moving, events transpiring. All as usual, all returning. We are up! We are full of energy! We are ready for the next great thing to be made for us, and delivered to us, and done to us!

Carlos, meanwhile, says he's had a busy day and might take a nap now. That...well, that sounds nice.

Listeners, I think now is the time at which I must say goodbye. There's a place here in Night Vale. A place I'd like to be just now. Maybe my lazy day isn't quite done after all.

Stay tuned next for a keening howl, a scratch at the door, a hood falling suddenly over your face, and a delicious roasted squash recipe your family will just love!

Goodnight, Night Vale! Goodnight!

36) Missing (1 December 2013)

Red sky at night. Sailor's delight.
Red sky at night, the sailors are howling and laughing.
The sailors begin to surround us, and the night sky is so very red.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners, I hate to start our program off with sad news, but our new station owner – Strexcorp – handed me a Missing Child Alert right as I walked into the studio.

"Strexcorp is asking Night Vale citizens to be on the lookout for Tamika Flynn, age 13. She is described as 5'1", stocky build, black hair and dark eyes. Dark. So dark. So wise beyond time. So deep in their understanding that to gaze into them is to gaze into your own death. It is not important where she was last seen or by whom. Why do you need to know that? Why are you asking so many questions? You are taking valuable time away from important and highly-fulfilling work at your place of employment," the Missing Child Report reads.

"StexCorp asks that anyone with any knowledge about Tamika Flynn's whereabouts should contact Strexcorp Headquarters by picking up a phone, and talking. Don't worry, you're not hard to find."

I asked my new supervisor, Daniel, why it's Strexcorp that is issuing a Missing Child Alert, and not Tamika Flynn's family or the Sheriff's Secret Police. But he just started shaking, and sparking, and humming. Then the hallway got too cloudy and I couldn't breathe, and my show was starting, so I left him alone.

He's still standing at the studio window, staring at me, twitching, sparks subsiding, but his mouth has fallen open revealing...is that motor oil? Tar? I don't know. But it's going to be hard to concentrate if he doesn't leave.

Let's go now to the Community Calendar.

Tuesday, there's a false start. A mistaken understanding of time. Tuesday, we will wake, and walk to our normal places – our showers, kitchens, cars, desks – only to find the day never began. We will slowly notice an absence of all matter, all light, all time.

And then, as suddenly as we false-started, we will begin our actual day. And everything will happen the same. Only, because of our awareness of it all, it will happen differently. Less differently at first, but more differently later.

Wednesday will take forever. For-eeeeeeevvvvvveeeerrrrr. Not literally, but very near literally. Ugh! Wednesday hasn't even gotten here, and I already want it over with!

Thursday, a faint outline of a dull face will appear in the dark as you try to sleep. You will notice its blank stare; its straight, expressionless lips; its thick brow; and the subtle hint of slow collected breaths. It will seem to be watching you, curious about you, as if it were not from here. It is not from here. You will lock eyes. You will barely be able to make out the face's humanoid features but you will know, deep down, it is not human. Not human at all.

"What does it want?" you will think. Probably nothing. Let it go. Get some sleep.

Friday is an open house at the Night Vale Community College. Thinking of furthering your education? Considering taking winter semester classes? Well, it's a trap! Do not go near the Night Vale Community College this Friday. Ha! Nice try, giant worms, but we know your tricks! Faking a Community College open house is very obvious, don't you think? I mean, it was a nice touch, creating a fake press release to get into various news outlets like ours, but we see through you!

No, we really do. Your skin is translucent, and it's kind of gross. No offense.

Saturday, everyone is their own person. You are free to disregard others and recognize yourself as one, for once. Pour some wine, draw a bath, light some incense, and grab a city-approved novel. It's your time.

Sunday will be full of regret. Also, joy. Also, laughter. Also, conversation. Also, long stretches of unmemorable moments. It will mostly be that last thing. In your old age, as you look back on your life, if someone were to ask what happened on that Sunday – you remember, that one Sunday, with the regret, and joy, and laughter, and conversation – if someone were to ask you that, you would be hard-pressed to come up with a single memorable moment from this coming Sunday.

This has been the Community Calendar.

An update on our missing child report: We just received world that 13 year-old Tamika Flynn is not missing. This word came from Tamika herself.

Witnesses said they saw Tamika standing atop the pedestal of one of this town's most historical works of art: the 138 year-old bronze statue of actor Lee Marvin, just outside the Night Vale Post Office. Tamika told a gathered crowd that she was not missing, she has never been missing. She clarified that she has always been where she has been, she has always been from where she is from, and she will always be going where she is going.

Witnesses reported that Tamika had a canvas tote bag full of heavy stones over her left shoulder, a worn-out copy of Willa Cather's Death Comes for the Archbishop in her right rear pants pocket, and that she was still holding the severed head of the Librarian she defeated so valiantly in August, saving our town and all of the participants of the Library's treacherous Summer Reading Program.

As yellow helicopters began to approach her, Tamika shouted to the gathered crowd to stop looking for her.

"I am found! I am found! I am found!" she repeated dramatically, rhythmically, the crowd swaying and moved by her homiletic passion. "Stop looking for me, and find yourself!" she was last heard crying over the crescendo of helicopters landing.

The remaining crowd, still singing her praises, still undiluted, inadvertently blocked the Strexcorp agents from reaching Tamika before she disappeared in plain sight.

Strexcorp has issued, just moments ago, several dozen more Missing Child Reports. They say children keep going missing. And they bet that if you find one specific child, one specific, very determined, and difficult child (and they mean that in the best possible way), if you find that one child, you will probably find all of the missing children.

Strexcorp is asking that if anyone has seen Tamika Flynn, to contact them immediately.

"She is a missing child. And shouldn't you care about that? Shouldn't you care about the children?" Strexcorp asked. "Children are the future," they added. "I wish you felt the same way and would help us find this...this...child," they stammered, looking slightly agitated.

More on this, soon.

Let's have a look now at traffic.

There's a man. Imagine him. He's leaning on a fence, shirtless and weary. He seems wise near the eyes, but his impatient feet suggest insidiousness. He's marked with dried mud, and maybe some very deep but quickly-healing cuts – from the tree branches, most likely, or perhaps the birds.

OK, I'm not telling you the whole truth. It was definitely the birds.

Imagine these cuts and scratches, dry and brittle now, but tender to the touch. He is certain he did not offend the birds, but he is uncertain whether his complacency was construed as equal to said offense.

Picture this. Picture the man leaning on the criss-crossing metal wires, waiting. The birds are gone, but other things are coming. He doesn't know specifically what, but he knows it'll come for him.

You know this, too, because I have told you.

The man says nothing.

There's never not something that has been displaced, marginalized. There's never not something that, when feeling pressed to the wall, to a place with no room left to run, gathers its numbers, gathers its forces, and turns, savagely, on its oppressor. Turns viciously, and without inhibition, even on those who merely look like its oppressor.

Do you catch my meaning? Can you imagine the scene I am explaining?

How much of the world makes sense to you?

What does it mean to be a hero? To be a human?

The man thinks about his heart. It beats. It beats normally. Earlier, it did not beat normally.

Think about your own heart. Is it beating normally?

Listen. I'll give you a long moment.

How is your heart?

Do you remember the man? The one on the fence, shirtless and scarred, with the normally-beating heart? He's not real. Take him out of the story, but leave the story. Take him out, leave the story.

Do you catch my meaning?

Do you?

This has been traffic.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Deep, deep, deep in the grass, grass, grass,
what grows, grows, grows?
Who knows, knows, knows?

Strex.
Strrrrrexxx!
Strrrrrrrrrrrrrrexxxxxx!

Strexcorp Synernists, Inc.
Working hard so you can work harder.
Work harder.
Seriously.
Work.
Harder.
Strexcorp.
Get to work!

More now on the missing children story.

Several helmeted and sunglassed helicopter pilots have stepped forward to announce that they had nothing to do with the missing children.

Sheila Nowitzky, a pilot for one of the many black helicopters that are routinely circling Night Vale, said she's a harmless spy from the World Government, and would never harm an American child without a direct order.

Marco Padilla, a pilot for one of the many blue Sheriff's Secret Police copters, said nothing – but you could see in his face he meant no harm to our kids.

And a shadowy haze that claimed, through telepathy, to be the pilot of one of the mysterious helicopters with elaborate murals depicting birds of prey diving, admitted that, while their helicopters were the ones that took away all the children in Night Vale several weeks ago, they brought them back. "They brought them back, OK? And they're fine. Get off of me!" the humid gray haze emphasized. "God, you take a bunch of kids one time. One time! Geez!"

Listeners, Today I want to talk to you about the dangers of deer.

Are they beautiful? Yes. Are they graceful and picturesque, even borderline majestic beasts? Yes, yes, and yes. And, are they helpful to the community because real estate agents live inside of them? Of course!

But deer are also dangerous creatures. They are terrible, deceitful, and vile animals. I'm not being mean, this is just basic science.

Look, I know deer are cute and friendly-looking. We all remember adorable little Bambi, from the classic animated movie, with his sweet voice and white freckled rump. But we also remember the bloody end that he wrought on the humans at the end of the film, the graphic beheadings, and trees streaked with gore during the famous revenge-fueled climax.

The lesson of that movie, as in life itself, is that nature is gorgeous, and it is horrible, and it will kill you.

This has been the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

This just in:

Oh my, uh, some disastrous news! Quite terrible! There has been a helicopter crash out by the old Car Lot. Witnesses report hearing youthful shouts and screams, followed by loud metallic clanging. They saw smoke trailing across the cold, dark afternoon sky (because, of course, the sun again did not rise today). They saw a yellow mangle of metal, and rotors, and–

Um, listeners? Daniel is still standing at my studio door. He has stopped staring. He is now yelling, but...without noise. He looks very upset. I can read his lips. He is saying, "Turn it off. Shut it down. No more news today. We are shutting you down?"

They're going to turn off my microphone, Night Vale!

Um, I've locked the door, which will buy me some time while Daniel goes to find a security guard with keys. So let me take you now, for as long as it can last, to the weather.

["Peanuts" by Sam ‘n Ash]

Listeners? I do not know if you can hear me. I am only trusting that I did this right.

I wired my phone into the soundboard, and then wired the soundboard into the radio tower, which is running on auxiliary power. It's, um, a cool trick my childhood best friend Earl Harlan taught me back when we were in Boy Scouts together, earning our Subversive Radio Host badge.

I doubt Daniel, or any of the new station management, can hear me as they do not like listening to radio shows. Also, I'm hiding up on the roof with my makeshift studio.

During the weather, I got word from some witnesses at the helicopter accident. The Sheriff's Secret Police found several large slingshots and heavy stones nearby that matched, in size and shape, the dents on the helicopter's engine casing.

They also found a well-worn and heavily-annotated copy of Death Comes for the Archbishop by Willa Cather.

Inside the book was a bookmark, marking page 267. On that page was the underlined phrase, "I shall not die of a cold, my son. I shall die of having lived."

And on the bookmark was a handwritten note. It said, "Your pilot is fine. She is ours now. She will return when she is ready, but she will return better. T.F."

I do not know if that T.F. Stands for our missing girl – our brilliant, and bold, and missing girl. If station management is listening, I, of course, hope we find Tamika Flynn and bring her home safely.

I hope that she will find you first, that is.

Remember what I said, listeners, about the traffic? About the birds? Think on that. Think on lots of things. Think about heroes, and whether we should even need them.

The answer is, we do not.

I sometimes wish I could tell you more, but I cannot. I cannot tell you everything I think you should hear because it is...boring. Or, it is unnecessary. Or it is very necessary, but unapproved.

There are many reasons I cannot always tell you what I want to tell you, but the main reason is that you need to find it out for yourself. I could preach, and teach, and shout, and explain, but no lesson is as powerful as the lesson learned on one's own.

You can do it! You don't need old Cecil telling you what's happening in town. No. I just report the news. I just arrange it. You figure it out. You learn from it. You take action. You create the meaning. It is all up to you.

And, given my current broadcasting situation, it may be up to you for a long time.

I'd better get downstairs before they discover what I'm doing. Stay tuned next for silence, self-reflection, and a long pause to hear yourself think.

Use that silence well.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

37) The Auction (15 December 2013)

Velvet darkness. Silken light. The rough burlap of evening. The frayed cotton of daybreak.

Welcome to Night Vale.

First off, welcome back! Everything is fine. Nothing happening, if you know what I mean. You shouldn't know what I mean. If you do know, you should forget. I'm not going to mention anything, and you're not going to hear anything. And both of us will fail to remember. No one will be named. Nothing will be referenced. And so...

Listeners, today is an exciting and important day in Night Vale. The Sheriff's Secret Police are holding their annual Auction of Contraband and Seized Property to benefit their purchase of balloons, birthday candles, yellow cake, and a piñata. They hope to raise $7.3 million dollars, and they say the piñata is armored, and will be used to crush rebellions.

Personally, I love the annual auction. You never know what sort of fun stuff might come up. The catalog has so many interesting items! Umm, let's see...

Lot 1 is an all-clad dinnerware set. Eight pans, in cast aluminum for perfect distribution of heat. New in the package. It's just waiting for you to season it with a dollop of olive oil and start cooking for friends and family – regardless of how no one comes over anymore after the last dinner party, when your mother drank all the Chianti and announced you never lived up to your potential.

At least, that's what the description of the lot says.

Lot 2 is a glowing coin with the image of a grim, horned god on the obverse, and a half-collapsed panopticon on the reverse. It's been graded MS-45 by the Sheriff's Secret Police Coin Grading Service, which in no way colludes with the Sheriff's Secret Police Auction House to inflate the grade, and thus the value of the coin.

Lot 3 is a silver candelabra that once floated across a series of dining rooms-turned-abattoirs, to better illuminate the flying daggers that accompanied it.

Lot 4 is a set of flying daggers, with maniacally-detailed designs on the shaft collars. Knife collectors and maniacs alike will want to bid on those. Don't get in the way of that bidding war! Haha.

Let's see...

There are also carpets, and some mid-century modern furniture. Oh! These are very stylish.

And look! Lot 17 is a near-mint copy of Uncanny X-Men #3, 1964. It has slight foxing on the back cover, perfect registration of the color separations, off-white pages, rustless staples, high cover gloss, and no Marvel chipping, and it features the first appearance of The Blob – not the Blob who lives in the housing development out back of the elementary school, the fictional one.

What else?

Lot 37 is...umm...Cecil Palmer. There is no description.

Listeners, we'll have more on this auction as it develops.

On the lighter side of the news:

Today, an invincible, all-powerful alien presence with telepathic powers came to Night Vale to enslave us all. It planned to bend every sentient being to its will, ending violence and conflict by subjugating all of us to its omniscient, telekinetic powers. Hilariously, this all-powerful but bumbling alien presence didn't know we were already subjugated to the omniscient force that's been controlling our thoughts for years! We're guaranteed to continue our violent and irrational ways, so...in your face, inept newcomer presence!

Toddlers of Night Vale! The Night Vale Community Pre-School invites you to fulfill your potential! Commit to a new and demanding educational curriculum, while exploring your ultimate dream – the same dream that every toddler has: economic opportunity. That's right! You too can learn to be a chimney sweep. Clean the many, many chimneys of leading citizen – and friendly billionaire – Marcus Vansten. What a good man Marcus Vansten is!

Every one of his houses, from his smallest penthouse apartment atop the dirigible hangar, to his 46-room hilltop estate, has multiple chimneys. He has built chimneys even in places where he has no houses, so his well-deserved carbon credits can go to good use. There are numerous chimneys on his shopping mall, his office buildings, his dirigible, his moon rock-plated recreational vehicles, and – due to new and creative laws that allow eminent domain for the generous Marcus Vansten – every other house in town as well.

He has strapped traveling chimneys onto the pushcarts of festive peddlers, whose rags, hunched shoulders, nagging coughs, and forced tin-whistle merriment accompany the sad antics of their emaciated vest and marching band cap-wearing capuchin monkeys holding tin cups, rattling with a single penny from some defunct, outmoded currency, asking us to contribute to their upkeep, as we turn up our collars, clear our throats, and make convenient excuses to walk a little faster until, instead of embarrassment about their fates, we find our way to feeling superior about our fragile position on the economic ladder.

Marcus Vansten understands. He doesn't want you to be a lowly peddler! Or a capuchin monkey! He wants you to be a chimney sweep.

So, little ones, lower your standards! Smother your dreams in carbon, and enroll in the Pre-School Chimney Sweep Academy. Make good-old Marcus Vansten happy, for a few brief moments.

An update on our earlier story:

Violence has broken out among bidders in the Sheriff's Secret Police auction. Bidding has been frantic, and angry. It is confirmed that there has been hair-pulling. Unfortunately, attendees have been using their bidding paddles to slap each other across the face – a motion the auctioneer has been repeatedly mistaking as indication as a new bid. Thus, Lot 1, the all-clad dinnerware set, sold for $175,000 – and that's before the buyer's premium.

Listeners, I have been in touch with the auction staff about Lot 37, which is of a certain interest to me. I want Lot 37! I want it badly! I asked if they might take a photograph and send it to me. Well...the peals of laughter that broke out in response were a cross between sleigh bells and the cackles of hunched, gray-faced court jesters. You know how that sounds.

Listeners, in order to learn more about Lot 37, it's likely I will need to visit the auction myself.

More as it develops.

The Night Vale mayoral race is heating up in preparation for the mayoral election this next June. The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home has taken to leaving leaflets inside the wiring and pipes of your appliances, to be found when the sparking and the shaking become so much that you must hire, or capture, a repair person.

The leaflets are tastefully designed, with an anatomically-detailed drawing of a sparrow's heart, and the simple slogan: “You are fragile, and blind, and wanting, and stepping alone into the great darkness of the future.”

It also has her five-point policy platform, which is mostly interesting facts she has learned about bees.

Meanwhile, Hiram McDaniels, in the interest of saving time, has taken to standing on corners giving five different campaign speeches – one with each of his heads. His heads have radically different personalities, and agendas, leading to some discord in their messages. But they all agree that they would like to be elected, that youth sports programs are important, and that the Time of the Lizard will soon be upon the helpless human race.

Oh! And speaking of the good-hearted and great-walleted Marcus Vansten, he has also thrown his hat into the proverbial ring. He actually constructed a special proverbial ring in the middle of town, with an LCD light display and a fountain with hourly waterspout show, and commissioned a gold-plated hat, with remote-controlled hat launcher, for just that purpose. As the hat flew into the ring, a 40-piece children's choir sang a song composed for the occasion, titled, “Hi, I'm Running Too, I Guess. Oh, I'm Marcus Vansten, Whatever. Anyway, I'm Going to be Mayor, Thanks.”

Many tears were shed by onlookers – due to civic pride, and some helpful gas Marcus had added to the air supply.

Well, this is starting to look like a mayoral campaign for the ages!

When reached for comment, outgoing mayor Pamela Winchell showed us a collection of mosses, and explained the songs that must be sung to each of them for proper growth.

Hey kids. Ever go walking in the woods and wonder whether a fairy ring of mushrooms is poisonous? Well, look at its center. If there is a body no older than yourself lying there, the ring is perfectly fine. If the body is also screaming, the ring is perfectly fine. Everything is perfectly fine! There is nothing under your bed, there is nothing in your closet. Your parents are, most likely, actually your parents, regardless of what the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home might tell you.

Do not fear the black helicopters, or the black windowless school buses that circle your block at night. You need not be afraid of the bogeyman. There hasn't been a sighting of a bogeyman for several months – or at least a couple weeks.

And yes, you will die – but probably not until everyone you know is already dead, too. Your parents, your friends, your pets...each death leaving a small but irreparable scar on your not-yet-still, still-beating heart.

The living tell the dying not to leave, and the dying do not listen. The dying tell us not to be sad for them, and we do not listen. The dialogue between the living and the dead is full of misunderstanding and silence.

There's nothing to fear in oblivion – unless, of course, your consciousness survives death. If so, it would be reasonable to fear the sensation of consciousness without senses, suspended alone in the cosmos, with no one to hear you, and no way to make yourself known. No reference point for counting time — a count that does not matter anyway in a literal eternity.

You might wish that you still had a corporeal form, only so that you could make your mouth move to express your terror, to make the universal form of a terrified scream, the form of a letter O. But you won't be able to. You just won't!

This has been the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner, brought to you by shame, loneliness, and the letter O.

I have been told, listeners, that the auction has descended into chaos. Michelle Nguyen, owner of Dark Owl Records, having bid on a sealed box of Elvis Presley 45s, opened the box to find it was in fact a box of Elvis Presley's .45-caliber revolvers. The upended box has made bidding much more treacherous.

Mayor Pamela Winchell, interested in Lot 28 – a gently-used 5-cup coffee maker – has begun laying down suppressing fire over the ducked heads of anyone trying to outbid her.

Despite this, I must enter the auction house myself, taking my life into my hands even more than usual.

Lot 37. Cecil Palmer.

I must know. I must bid!

I go now, listeners, to await the crying of Lot 37.

As I go, you go, to the weather.

[“Absentee" by Jack Campbell]

Listeners, many complications ensued during my attempt to bid on Lot 37. First, in registering for the auction, I had to indicate my current income – which is made difficult, as our new owners (who I have been asked to stop talking about) are now paying us in scrip, redeemable only at merchants they own, like Dust Hut or the Ralph's.

Luckily, the Sheriff's Secret Police turns out to be one of those select merchants. I was able to get a paddle, only moments before the bidding on Lot 37 began.

When confronted with destiny, there are external events to record, yes...but also internal. I would say, time slowed down even more than usual. The edges of the room went blurry, and then went, completely. There was a deep throb of distant machinery that I realized was my own heart propelling inadequate amounts of blood through my parched and aching body. If I did not win Lot 37 I would be...unraveled.

Perhaps I would be unraveled either way. The dull ache I felt was a primal ache of incompletion, the separation an infant feels when pulled too soon from its mother's embrace. My cheeks flushed with the irrationality of desire. I needed Lot 37.

I counted my breaths. I judged myself for wanting, and judged myself wanting. I focused on those parts of my life completely out of my control in order to calm myself down, drowning my fears in pleasant helplessness.

The upshot is, I forgot to raise my paddle. Oh! Oh, foolish Cecil! And through the tears that came then to my eyes, I couldn't see who won Lot 37 with only one bid!

Winner of Lot 37, if you're listening, on one hand I wish you good luck with your prize. On the other, I will be using the mightiest bully pulpit of all, community radio, to strike back at you and destroy you!

But also, congratulations. Also that.

I am authorized to tell you that the Sheriff's Secret Police have declared the auction a resounding success. In celebration, they deployed the piñata to the screams – presumably delighted – of everyone in attendance. The winning bidders walked away grinning, laden down with trinkets and trophies that reassured them with the cleverness of sheer acquisition.

The Sheriff's Secret Police went on to say that objects are invested with mana, magic power caused by the dangerous ideas of property and ownership. And holding onto them is our attempt at having something that will never let us down, even though eventually all will.

People leave. Parents leave the room. Lovers leave your life. You leave the world.

We clutch teddy bears first, then dolls, then sports jerseys, and automobiles with hand-sewn leather and excellent gas mileage. As if that were something permanent.

The Sheriff's Secret Police gave a great cheer in honor of constant decay, and the inevitability of abandonment.

Listeners, accumulating objects is just a way, we hope, to turn back the grim specter of death. Thank you for your participation in this auction, and for your hope that making a certain purchase – all-clad cooking ware, a candelabra, a comic book, a community radio show host – would render you anything more than mortal.

I go now to find myself, or to find who has myself, or to find someone that might make me feel better about what has happened today.

I'd take that last one, honestly. I'd take that honest, last one.

And so, dear listeners, and whatever unknown person or entity that is now the owner of Lot 37, I bid you a farewell – the fondness of which is determined by your place relative to mine in my heart.

Stay tuned next for our popular home medical program, Yes, That's Probably Cancer.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Live Show #2) Debate (released 30 April 2014)

We found a little piece of heaven here. It is black, smooth, oblong. It hums a soft but discordant note, and we are afraid to touch it.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners? We have a first here Night Vale! A mayoral debate!

Many of you know that mayor Pamela Winchell will be stepping down soon, and that this is entirely her own decision. She issues daily press releases in shaky, uncertain handwriting, explaining emphatically that she made this choice on her own, and that no one is soul-merging with her and forcing her to leave office.

Each press release is signed, “Yours truly, though not me truly, Pamela. P.S. –” And then there’s just a sticky black sludge for a P.S.

And we have some new candidates for this coveted office, all of whom I am welcoming in this studio.

This is a great day! The first ever mayoral debate the town has seen. Since this is America, and we are a democracy, mayors have always been chosen by counting, and interpreting, the loud pulses coming out of Hidden Gorge. That’s still how it will be done, but we thought we’d offer a chance for citizens to hear from the candidates they’ll have no impact on electing.

But first, this breaking news:

The City Council announced the closure of Route 800 for the following reason: deer. The City Council spoke in low, sing-songy chants, a steady digital bass ululation underneath their unified voice. They stood atop a makeshift pyramid out of heavily charred copies of the official biography of Sean Penn, heroic mementos of our recent victory over the Night Vale Public Library, and announced that the deer have taught themselves advanced mathematics, telepathy, and short-range time travel. No official word yet on what these deer have done to cause the only highway in and out of town to be shut down, but the Council is asking anyone still out on the roads right now to please, return home.

If you are not a citizen of Night Vale, but cannot currently get out of town to your home because of the road closings, then congratulations! You now live in Night Vale! Please pick up a New Citizen Welcome Packet and mandatory orange poncho at the City Hall.

OK, listeners! It’s time to introduce the candidates who will be taking part in our studio debate.

First, someone I’ve known my whole life, and you have too. It’s the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home!

Welcome!

Hello.

And where are you? I can hear you, but I can’t see you.

I’m behind you in a mirror, just over your shoulder in the distance. You’ll see slight movements in the dark. You’ll feel a single fingernail gently run across your cheek.

Ooooh! Uh, Faceless Old Woman, um…can I call you Faceless Old Woman?

I have a name, Cecil!

You do?

Yes.

…

Let’s introduce the next candidate, and I’m so glad to finally meet this man. Nooo, not man. No, this person…noo, uh, not person. This entity, Hiram McDaniels.

Hello!

You know, in the entirety of Night Vale’s recorded history, there is no sign of a five-headed dragon ever running for mayor, so it hasn’t happened in at least seven years.
Cecil, I am thrilled to be breaking new ground for those of us who do not identify as human.

We are thrilled!

Yes, my purple head brings up a good point. I also do not identify as a single being. I have five heads. You’ll notice that my opponents have one. One head each, just the one.

Only one head? That is impossible for thinking!

Well, green head, not impossible. But certainly very difficult.

And speaking of your opponents, let’s meet our last candidate for mayor. It’s an honor to introduce our wealthiest citizen, and now potential new mayor, billionaire Marcus Vansten! Welcome!
Yup! Hey. I mean, uh, whatever. All this? This is…this is whatever. You know, I used to own a dragon.

Excuse me? What an inappropriate thing to say!

I agree with Mr. McDaniels’ gray head. Ownership of sentient life is cruel and unconscionable.
Yeah. Well it was great. It had eight heads, though, not just five. Yeah, I pretty much used it for commuting to work.

AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! [HISSSSSS]

Great! Let’s get the debate started! We’ll have opening statements as well as two rounds of questions. So listeners, if you have a question, call now. Call, silently, to the sky with pleading eyes. When the birds come you will feel your question has been received. You will not know for sure, because presumed knowledge is arrogance.
But first, let’s pause for a quick word from our sponsors.

It’s not easy starting a small business. There are a lot of things to worry about, like building a customer base, developing a strong product, wrestling with self-doubt, crying a lot, bleeding a little, looking up in the small hours at the sagging ceiling over your too-small bed thinking, “Why? Why?” Being overrun by rats and worms, and discovering that you are just matter, just rotting organic matter, fated to feed the earth and trees.
Yes, there are many concerns facing small businesses. Web design should not be one of them!

Hey! Want a simple low-cost and beautifully designed web solution for your small business? Well, do you?

It…doesn’t sound like you do, actually.

I am looking at your web page right now, and it is lovely! Really smooth, really easy to navigate. Looks like you put a lot of thought into this, and you…don’t need our help. We won’t even tell you who we are because we don’t want to pressure you into changing what you’ve already done with your web site. It’s…it’s perfect! Wow! Good job! Really, we…we just…wow! We are sorry to have interrupted.

I just want to say, you are really, really good at web design.

Much better than us.

Carry on, I guess.

Let us get to our opening statements. You have two minutes each. Faceless Old Woman.
Night Vale, I want to be your mayor. Who better to serve as leader of a town than the one person who lives secretly in the home of every single resident? I know each and every one of you personally. Intimately.

Mike Nominen? You need to discipline your children more.

Claire Franklin! Tell Leta you love her! It’s been three years and you need to take this seriously!

Felicia Jackson, there is an enormous spider on the back of your dress this very moment. You should probably change clothes before you leave the house. Change clothes slowly.

What other candidate can help our community on such a personal level? I have set fire to countless home appliances, and stood secretly and stoically over crumbled bodies of sobbing citizens who only thought they were alone! Night Vale, you are not alone! I am here. I am always there, staring at you with curiosity…and concern. Look for me out of the corner of your eye just before you fall asleep. I want to brush against your face at the deepest gulf of night.

I want to be your mayor.

Thank you for that! Let’s go next to Hiram McDaniels and his opening statement. Hiram?

Thank you. Ladies, gentlemen, sentient creatures, imagine your perfect Night Vale. Close your eyes and imagine what a perfect town would be like.

You can’t, can’t you? That’s because you only have one head! I have five.

Listen, I don’t mean to say that I’m better than you. I, after all, have my own faults. Caring too much, caring too little. Caring just the right amount, but at the wrong time. Debilitating claustrophobia, and occasional lack of control over my fire breathing.

One thing I do have is a multitude of heads. Heads that can think through problems that a single head cannot.

Here, try this: Try solving an easy math problem. Quickly, what’s 56 times 97?

5,432! The answer is 5,432! Your math skills are undeveloped and puny!

See? I have a green head that is excellent at math! I mean, I don’t know why mayors have to be, uh, good at math, but the point is..

Well mayors have to be– they have to write budgets, and they have to know population numbers, and all things that–

Yup! See? Good point there from my blue head! See how we all work together? I could think quickly about a variety of topics thanks to my many heads and brains and personalities and needs and desires. Some of these desires are nearly unmanageable, and I have a strong desire to be a good mayor. So you know I’ll do everything – EVERYTHING – I will stop at nothing to do that. I will be mayor!

Charming. Thank you, Hiram!
Marcus Vansten.

Hmm? Yeah.

Go ahead with your opening statement.

Let me just finish this email to my assistant.

“And that is when I first understood what it meant to love myself for who I am. I am a complete person, Jake.”

And……send.

OK, so, people of Night Vale. I would like to be your next mayor. I will use all of my resources to do this. In fact, I’ve already invested several million dollars into finding and excavating the Hidden Gorge where mayoral races are decided. I plan on developing a single computer voting machine to help…streamline elections. So once that is complete, everything should work out fine. We’ll all be…just fine. Some of us will be more “just fine” than others, but again that’s also…that’s also just fine.

Thank you, Marcus. Thank you, candidates, for your desire to serve the Night Vale community with your leadership.

I want to go now to the issues. But first, an update on our earlier news story.

Listeners, we’ve just received word that the newly-intelligent deer are stopping on the road, and allowing themselves to get hit by moving vehicles. They are then using that physical contact to launch themselves, and the drivers, and the wrecked vehicles, backward in time by several days.

The leader of the deer, a two-headed spider-eyed mule deer named, as all deer are named, Deer, apologized for the problems they are causing, but they just want to experience pain.

They have been so numb, emotionally, physically, spiritually, and they want to remember again what it is like to hurt. Not just in their bodies, but to see others suffer as well.

“The time travel was a happy accident,” Deer admitted, as they had no idea humans experienced such angst, such terror, when confronted with multiplicity of self.

The Sheriff’s Secret Police remind us that while capable of time travel, the deer don’t actually understand the implications of parallel universes versus linear continuity. The deer, while talented, are still very dumb animals.

The deer countered that the Sheriff’s Secret Police are just being mean now!

The City Council are asking that residents lock their doors, and close their windows. The deer are organized, and they will stop at nothing to get what they want, Night Vale. Be safe.

And now, back to our first ever mayoral debate. Let’s reach out to our community, and find out what they want from their mayoral candidates. First caller, you’re on the air. Who is this?

Hi, Cecil! This is Diane Creighton. Candidates, as a member of the Night Vale PTA, one of the most important topics to me is our schools. This past year we’ve seen a rise in some concerning trends. Declining graduation rates, gun violence, teacher complaints about centipedes crawling out of their eyes at unexpected moments, and clocks that don’t work correctly, causing confusion about when the next class is. What will you do, as mayor, to improve our schools?
Well, the centipede thing is tough. ‘Cause centipedes are helpful and intelligent beings. So I’m not gonna say they have no right to live in, and crawl out of, teachers’ faces. But I think we can find ways to compromise with them, about living in maybe different parts of the body so that they do not distract our children from learning.

As for the other issues, we spend an exorbitant amount each year on extracurricular activities, such as sports and art and history. I think we could take some of that money, put it towards after-school programs to help tutor students in important topics like music and bricklaying, and…how to build great stone shrines to…oh, whoever, I mean, uh, let’s just say reptiles for instance, just as an example. That’s just an example.

While I agree with my opponent that we must stop our children from learning too much in schools, I disagree that we must cut finding from any school programs, nor should we ask the government for more. We can do this as a community. I propose selling off unused items from our homes to raise money for our schools. Cecil! You have a whole set of collectible jadeite bowls you never use. I would be happy to sell them on ebay for you! Hiram, you live in a cave that I do not like, but you have a collection of rare jewels and coins in a mahogany chest that you keep locked and buried. Let’s put those up for sale! Marcus, you have a coffee table made of human bones.
Yeah, and I need that coffee table.

Please, let the Faceless Old Woman finish, Mr. Vansten.

OK, but I need that coffee table.

Oooookay!

No no no…I need it.

Well, we all have things we do not use, books we do not read or care for, furniture and electronics and dead mice and antiques that could be worth a lot of money to our students! Children are our future. They are a terrible and less enjoyable future than the future we all represented, but they are a future nonetheless.

Marcus, do you have a rebuttal?

No, doesn’t really affect me at all, no.

Um, sorry for yet another interruption in our debate, but I’ve just received an update on the deer situation. The City Council announced that the deer are multiplying.

When asked how they are doing this, the City Council rolled their eyes, and said “the same way deer always replicate – by humming and breathing softly in unison until others that hear them suddenly become them! Good thing you’re a reporter and not a biologist!” the City Council teased.

But then a sudden shared laughter broke the tension of the room.

The City Council then announced that they just can’t be here anymore, and that they wish us all the best in our final moments.

“We’re pretty much done for,” the City Council reassured reporters. “The deer have taken over the streets, the sidewalks. Many are standing at your window right now for you to see their eyes and hear their hums.”

Do not open your window or doors, listeners. Stay by your radios. Stay always by your radios, and we will update you with more information.

OK. Uhh, next caller, you’re on the air. Who is this?

This is Erika?
And what’s your question, Erica?
It’s spelled Erika! With a K?
I’m sorry. What’s your question, Erika?
Well, uh, I’m an angel, and I’m concerned? I’m– it’s not concerned, just…anxious.
Let me stop you right there, Erika. Angels aren’t real. But go ahead with your question.
Of course. Yes, uh, well, um, there’s a tiny civilization living under Lane 5 of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex? Angels haven’t been able to determine where this nation came from or what it wants. And it’s rare that angels cannot solve a problem but when they cannot, they turn to small town civic leaders for help and guidance.
What do you know about this nation of small people in the bowling alley?

Erika, let me first say thank you for your hard work. You do not exist, but if you did we would be extraordinarily proud of the work you do protecting humans.
That being said, it is a crime to acknowledge the existence of angels, so I have nothing more to say.

BURN IT! BURN IT TO A PIT OF ASH AND DESPAIR!

We could just, uh, burn it down, or…whatever.

I’m not crying.
What was that?

I said I’m not crying.

Um, listeners at home, Marcus is hunched over, head turned away from his microphone. He is sobbing.

No I’m not.

Uh, perhaps he has been chosen by the angels who – as a legal reminder – are not real in the slightest. But those who are chosen for special tasks by angels often cannot stop weeping when they talk about angels.

I’m fine. Next question. *sniff*

Uh, caller? You’re on the air with the mayoral candidates.

Hi, this is, uh, John Peters – you know, the farmer? Now last year there was a pretty big glowing cloud that went through town? Dropping, uh, dead animals and things everywhere. Now I know that that Glow Cloud is now on the School Board and all, but is there anything that one of you could do to keep it from dropping animals everywhere? I nearly lost my organic certification because none of those cows, or crows, or nurse sharks, or spider wolves it dropped had any paperwork. Also, all that radiation was probably not healthy.
Uh, thank you, John. Candidates? What will you do to protect us from the Glow Cloud? What will you do to serve the Glow Cloud? Whatever will you make to hail the almighty Glow Cloud?
[All chanting together:] ALL HAIL! ALL HAIL! ALL PRAISE AND REPENT BEFORE THE GLOW CLOUD! GIVE YOUR TEETH! GIVE YOUR EYES! GIVE YOUR ALL TO THE GLOW CLOUD!

And to John’s point, it’s a difficult situation, given that the Glow Cloud is a stand-up member of our community. But, the Glow Cloud is also a

[All chanting together:] TERRIBLE FORCE OF DESTRUCTION! A PUNISHMENT FOR WEAK HUMANS! A CELEBRATION OF UNBRIDALED MADNESS AND PAIN AND FEAR AND PAIN AND PAIN AND PAIN! ALL HAIL THE GLOW CLOUD!

Thank you for your call, John.

Yeah, you bet.
All right. Next up. Caller?
Hi, this is Erika again?
Erika? You sound different.
I do?
Well, yes! I mean, in your earlier call you sounded like a man, and now you sound like a woman.
Angels cannot hear gender, Cecil.
Well. If angels were real, Erika, what would your question be?
Thank you. This question is just for Marcus.
Marcus. If called upon by angels to serve a great good, to serve a great calling, to serve a great war, would you serve?

Marcus? Are you crying?
Hang on. *sniff* Nope, I’m fine. I’m– I’m fine.

You are needed, Marcus. You are needed now.
Oh, my. Marcus is rising from his chair. His feet are off the floor. He is stretching to inhuman lengths! His eyes are glowing black and his fingers are spiraling long and diaphanous.
Marcus? Ooooooh, dear.

Uh, listeners, Marcus grew gold feathers from his back, as he vanished. And he is gone.

I am sorry to interrupt your debate, Cecil. Goodbye.
Um, goodbye, Erika!
Oh, and, uh, Cecil!
Yes?
I’m afraid…
Yes? Go on.
No, that’s…that’s it. Just…I am afraid. OK, bye!
Oh! All right!
Well, this debate has certainly taken an odd turn, listeners, but none of this happened and we will comment no further.

One last caller? You are on the air.

Hi, this is Steve Carlsberg? And, um, my question is for Hiram. Hiram, –
NO!!! NO!!! STEVE CARLSBERG!?! WE ARE OUT OF TIME FOR QUESTIONS GOODBYE!!!
Candidates, let’s get to our closing statements. Faceless Old Woman.

My fellow Night Valians, my opponent talks about human children but he has never been a human child. I have. It has been centuries, but I have. He claims he wants to improve fitness and health in our schools, but he cannot even regulate his own body temperature. I can. I can also regulate yours.

He says he cares about you, but I am the only candidate who is actually in your home at this very moment, writing down the grim specifics of your eventual death on the back side of one section of dry wall. You’ll see it someday, when getting some pipes or wiring fixed, and you’ll be impressed.

Not impressed, terrified. This is a promise I make to you.

My other opponent is now an angel, and cannot legally be thought about.

So vote for me. The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home.

I’m touching your neck right now. You smell nice.

Thank you.

Hiram?

Night Vale, Sure, there’s a Faceless Old Woman Secretly Living In Your Home. And I respect that! She is vaguely familiar, and unsettlingly comfortable, and I admire that.

But isn’t it time we stop this politics as usual? Isn’t it time we got the government out of our homes? There once was a day when we all needed government agents snooping around in our books and dishes. That was a different time!

Should the government really be able to…touch our necks, and be aware that we smell nice? I say no!

I am literally a five-headed dragon. I don’t know anything about being human. I do things like breathe fire, fly, regenerate limbs, and molt. I don’t care anything about your personal lives. They’re your choice! I wouldn’t even know how to interfere!

YOU ARE INFERIOR AND EMOTIONALLY CONFUSING ANIMALS!

So vote for me, Hiram McDaniels. I am literally a five-headed dragon with no regard for human life. Choices. Human life choices.

Thank you both!
Um, I’m very sorry for the…technical difficulties. I don’t know if you can hear that, but there is a very soft humming sound coming from the mics, or…or the soundboard, or…or something.

I don’t hear it, Cecil.

I don’t…I don’t hear a thing.

I remember this sound from before. Um, we’ll have an engineer come and take a look at it.
Uh, in the meantime, ladies and gentlemen, and all in between, the deer…have gotten quite out of hand.

One of the sales staff, um, thank you, Roberta, just handed me a note that says there are dozens of deer surrounding this station and trying to peer into the windows.

Yeah, that’s what I’ve been saying right there, then. I could go outside and set fire to them if you want, uh. That would be a very mayoral solution.

That’s a fool’s errand, Hiram. Did you never play Deer Duck Dragon? Dragon beats duck, but deer beats dragon?
So we– we– we need a duck?

No! Deer beats duck, too! Deer beats everything! It’s a terrible game.
Yeah?

Oh, she’s right, Hiram. But it’s– it’s not the deer. The– the humming is something worse.
Listeners, I fear something much worse is lurking. So, as we all hide from the deer, and hide from the hum, and hide from it all, I take you now to the weather.

[“Promise to the Moon”* by Jason Webley]

Listeners? The quiet humming is not the deer, but a swirling black vortex just outside our studio door. In fact, the deer have backed away from the station. I have seen this vortex before, listeners. And I am afraid to approach it. But Hiram went to look inside.

Yeah, and I found this guy in the vortex.

Hello.

Who is this man? Not man. Who…is this creature? Why is he covered in blood? And where are his eyes?
Hi! I’m Kevin!

You stay away!
Hello, Kevin. That’s Cecil. Wow, you guys look…almost just alike!

Oh! Hello, Cecil! Nice to meet you! And yes, I completely see the resemblance! It’s mostly in the eyes, I think. OK, I met Hiram, and now Cecil, who are you?

I am the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home. Well, most homes. Not yours. I’ve never seen you before.
Faceless? You’re not faceless! You have a beautiful face! A memorable face. I don’t know if I’ve ever seen such deep hazel eyes, or proud lips, or archaic jaw.

I do not have a face, Kevin. I have never had a face.
You do have a face! And it’s unlike any other face in history.

Why are you here? Explain to me what you are doing here.
Oh. Sure.

Well, I was sitting in my own radio studio in my own town, and I heard that…humming again. I saw a spiraling white vortex and rushed into it. It has been months since I have seen it, and once I met a man there who looked like me! With my eyes, and my smile. I think he was you, Cecil!

I know that I am Kevin. I know I have been in this strange studio before, with its old-timey microphones and acoustic gray foam walls. A place like this is usually covered in clumps of hair and reddish-brown hand prints streaking down the only remaining unshattered window. But they do things differently here in…where is this?

Night Vale.

Oooooh myyy! So this is Night Vale! Oh! How delightful!

*clears throat* Hello out there, Night Vale listeners! This is Kevin from Desert Bluffs!

You know, I was just telling my intern, Vanessa? I was telling Vanessa just today how much I have wanted to come here! I’m always telling her that, as a matter of fact. I just never get around to actually visiting. Work and family, and you get so busy it’s hard to find the time.

And so…here I am! I wish Vanessa were here! She would love Night Vale! You guys have such…eh…you know!

We always talk about coming here and here I am, without her! Oh! I wish you could have met Vanessa! Always a joke to start the day. She had one about limestone this morning, hahahahahahaha! Haaa! I don’t remember it, but it was a hit.

Always a laugh, always a smile, a big smile! Where she’d show me all these perfect teeth, and I would just imagine the rest of her perfect skull. Funny how the skull is so visible in your mouth. Weird. Who thinks of that stuff? I don’t know. Weird, right?

Maybe next time you come you could bring her.
Oh, gosh, I wish! But no.

No?
Oh, dear, I’m sorry, no. Vanessa died many years ago. We’re all still very upset about it. Very upset about what we saw. Some of us never came back to work again. Some of us never left our houses again. Most of us never woke up again.

I don’t like to talk about it much.

I’m sorry.
Night Vale, I don’t know why I was brought here, but I am starting to see we are connected. And by more than just a two-lane highway. We are connected much more deeply, Night Vale! And if this is true, I imagine your town, too, has been seeing a rise in the deer population this evening. It is a blessed event, of course, as these deer have been so very helpful to all of us in Desert Bluffs, doing all our math problems, gaining us extra work hours by time-traveling us back and forth…so productive and adorable, those deer!

But, of course, there is sometimes too much of a good thing.

Strexcorp, our parent company – oh! And I believe yours too, now, Cecil – is issuing a recall on all these time-traveling deer. They tried to implement the project slowly, but it got a little carried away. If you have lost loved ones, or are no longer in your original timeline or universe, then we apologize. Please contact Strexcorp attorney Luisa Reyes, as she is preparing a class-action lawsuit against Strexcorp. We’ve already budgeted for the remuneration for community harms, so don’t you worry about us! We’re fine!

We’ve sent helicopters to dispatch the deer. If you have earplugs, you may want to put them in now, or simply turn up some loud music to drown out the machines and screams for the next hour or so.

I can hear the fading hum of the vortex that fortuitously connects our two radio studios, Night Vale.

Cecil, I will see you again. I am certain.

I can’t wait to tell Vanessa what a great town this was! Haha!

I must go. It was nice to meet you two!

He said I have a face! I’ve never seen my face. What do I look like, Hiram? Am I beautiful?
You are beautiful when you do beautiful things. Do you do beautiful things?

I think that I do.
THEN YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! IT IS A SIMPLE CALCULATION, YOU SMALL DEFENSELESS SACK OF BONES AND MEAT!

Well, thank you, Hiram. You are beautiful, too.
Cecil, you are…distracted.

Cecil? You…you alright, there, buddy?

I….can’t….um…
Cecil, it– it’s going to be OK.

Actually, that’s a lie. In general, it’s not going to be OK.

That man with the missing eyes, and bloodstained skin and teeth like an abandoned cemetery? He was certainly terrifying, but he’s gone now.

He was…
Cecil, we all get frightened and freeze in the face of unbearable terror. I mean, only if we can see that face. Some faces are apparently there but unseeable.

I…you’re right. Um, thank you both.

Candidates, uh, thank you, also, for coming on the show tonight. I think you both would make an excellent mayor, and I look forward to casting a meaningless vote for one of you soon.

Listeners, thank you for listening to the show tonight. Remember that you may hear terrible machines and screams as corporate agents terminate the false deer. Their attempt to destroy our way of life, by bringing us together as one, has failed. We are free to remain ourselves and find our own connections – beautiful or grotesque. Either way, a beauty or grotesquery of our own choosing.

So relax tonight, Night Vale. You are yourself. You are safe.

Tonight is a good night.

Tomorrow is unconfirmed.

We will all find out together.

Thank you again, candidates, and listeners, do not forget to cast your vote on election day. We do not know where votes will be cast, what election day is, or if votes are even read, but…it is your democratic duty.

Stay tuned next for a chasm of subjectivity and bravado between yourself and every other human being.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

*on the bandcamp page, the song played in the weather is listed as “Last Song” but that listing is incorrect

38) Orange Grove (1 January 2014)

You take the good, you take the bad. You take them both, and there you have spiders crawling out of a red velvet cupcake.

Welcome to Night Vale.

We start today's show with some exciting agricultural news. John Peters – you know, the farmer? – said his winter orange crop is outstanding this year! He said there are oranges everywhere! Delicious clementines, juicy Valencias, rich navels, and bold blood oranges.

John said there are so many oranges, "a real bumper crop," he said. "A real orange-tacular," he did not say. "A real orange-a-thon," he never would have said. "A real orange-ocalypse," he may have thought, but kept to himself.

John, speaking to a pack of local reporters, and backed by a group of farmers wearing black double-breasted suits and red silk ties, said this is the dawning of a new citrus economy in Night Vale.

John said, "Citrus is our future. Citrus holds the key to prosperity. Citrus holds the key to health. One particular orange here literally holds the key to a one-sided door in the middle of the desert. If you find that orange," John said, "I will pay you dearly for it."

"Or rather," John corrected himself, "you will pay dearly for it."

Then John said, "Either way, whatever. Would love to have that orange, my friend. Would love to have that orange. Yessir!" he punctuated. "Or ma'am. Or neither. I mean, whoever. Sure would love to have that orange," he chuckled while sweating and adjusting his wooden hat.

John then tossed some oranges to the reporters. The reporters caught the oranges, and then began to disappear. And reappear. Blinking in and out of existence, quickly at first, then slowly, then more out of existence than in, until they were all gone.

More on this story as it develops.

The City Council announced today that they just can't be here anymore. They said this in unison, standing in a cramped meeting room, and wearing tiny rectangular sunglasses.

They added that they wish us all the best in our final weeks.

Then, they made the standard American Sign Language "I love you" gesture as smoke filled the room.

Witnesses said the smoke smelled of maple, and was a little briny, but not unpleasantly so.

When the haze cleared, the City Council was still standing in the room, apologizing, claiming, "This usually works." And then, no longer speaking in unison, casting blame on each other for not believing hard enough, and that if it weren't for so-and-so they'd all be on a beach somewhere safe from the bears or...whatever those things are.

When asked for an explanation about the bears...or whatever those things are, the Council simply whispered in unison, "Mistakesssss!"

No follow-up questions were asked, as reporters became physically and emotionally occupied with the dozens of agitated starlings that began pouring from the air conditioning duct.

You know, listeners, I've been thinking about John Peters' orange grove. I did a little digging online and found that orange trees are not native to deserts.

I also emailed my boyfriend, Carlos, about this. He's a scientist, which kind of makes me a scientist, too.

Here's Carlos' email back to me just now:

"Cecil, I'll do my best to answer your questions, but do know that I don't specialize in botany or dendrology. I am a scientist. I study science, not plants or nature.

"I did drive out past John's farm a month ago, and there wasn't a single tree; just acres and acres of rocky, cracked, flat ground. There's no way he could have grown anything natural on that land, let alone a bountiful orange grove...especially in just a few weeks.

"As far as your other question goes, let's stay home tonight. We ate out last night. Plus, there's a new documentary about scatterplot matrices on Netflix I've been wanting to see. Also, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance is on TBS again. We could re-watch that.

I'll make pasta, if you can pick up some..."

Uhmm, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, Carlos goes on about weekend bowling plans, y– you know what? You don't need all this.

OK. I think that's all he had about the orange trees.

I do hope we watch Liberty Valance, though. Ha! I love that film.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Tired of waiting in line at the Post Office? Scared of the unexplained blood pouring from the P.O. Boxes? Confused by screams that no one else hears? Terrified of leaving your home? Try Stamps.com.

With Stamps.com, you can print your own postage and avoid the long lines and predatory birds so common at the Post Office. You can even have your postal carrier pick up your packages, as long as you are careful never to look the carrier in the eyes, as this is a sign of aggression and you may scare your postal carrier away.

Stamps.com has a special offer for Night Vale Community Radio listeners. Sign up today and receive a bag of magic rocks, $50 worth of self loathing, and a free scale – so you can arbitrarily assign numbers to material objects.

To claim your new member benefits, simply visit Stamps.com, and press your forehead against the radio mic in the upper-right of your screen until your entire body falls forwards into the alternate Stamps.com universe.

Stamps.com will tell your family you loved them very much.

Stamps.com will tell your family that Stamps.com loves them very much.

"Come here, family. You are all our family now," Stamps.com will say, stretching their many boneless arms around your terrified family.

"Come here. We are all loving family."

Stamps.com. You live in a dying world. We love you.

Ladies and gentlemen, we've just received word that the Ralph's is stocked full of fresh orange juice from John's farm. It's called J.P.'s OJ, where the O in OJ is a bright cartoonish sun with big pink eyes, and a strained toothy smile; and the J is a sickle the sun is using to slice down ripe oranges from a large tree.

Adam Bayer, weekday shift manager at the Ralph's, said they have removed all other produce to stock J.P. Oranges, and even emptied out the refrigerators to fully showcase all of J.P.'s mouth-watering stock of fresh juice.

"Even several of the dry goods aisles had to be cleared out," Adam said, pulling oranges from his apron pockets. He continued pulling oranges from his tiny pocket, mesmerized by their seeming infinitude, and unable to continue speaking as he began to blink out of existence.

Listeners, we here at Night Vale Community Radio need to offer the following correction:

In a previous broadcast, we described the world as "real."

We indicated, using our voice, that it was made up of many real objects and entities, and we gave descriptions of these disparate parts. We even went so far as to ascribe action and agency to some of these entities.

But, as we all know, nothing can be fully understood to be "real." Any description of the world we give is simply the world we experience – which is to say, a narrative we force onto whatever horror or void lies behind the scrim of our perception.

We at the station offer our deepest, most humble apologies for the previous, erroneous, report. We affirm once again that nothing is real – including this correction, and least of all, your experience of hearing it.

This has been Corrections.

More now on the orange grove.

Intern Maureen brought it to my attention that until today, John Peters – you know, the farmer? – has been missing for about four months! Former intern Dana was the last to see him. Unfortunately, we do not know where Dana was when she saw him.

We're also unclear as to when Dana was, as time and space seem to not apply to Dana these days. She's been without a phone charger for about eight months now, and we're still texting. Also, I'm not sure how she's been paying her cell phone bill.

Maureen? What is that? Maureen, that's not a glass of orange juice you're drinking, is it?

Oh, I see. She got it from our station break room, not from the Ralph's, so it's probably safe then.

Oh, well, thank you for the offer, Maureen, but I'm...still working on my coffee. [audibly sips]

Maureen? Is everything OK?

Listeners, Maureen is just...staring at me. Silent. A single bead of sweat running down her left temple. She is staring now at the orange juice. She is biting her upper lip with her lower jaw, and breathing through her nose. Her cheeks are flushing, and she is shaking her head, very...very slightly.

That looks like a "no."

Is that a "no," Maureen?

Listeners, I– I think that's a "no" from Maureen.

Oh! Oh dear! Maureen just flickered. Like, she was there, and then she wasn't, and then she was, like when a plane flies in front of the sun and the light leaves for a brief moment as you wonder – for just that split second – "Is this it? Is it over?" Only to have the sun return as your brain hears the faint hum of a distant jet and you sigh with relief and disappointment that everything is as it was. A similar thing just happened with Maureen.

Listen–

Maureen, I–

She is backing out of the studio.

She is backing out of the studio.

She has dropped the glass.

She is flickering.

She is flickering...

She is gone.

Listeners, Maureen is gone!

I hear no hum of jets, I– I see no intern, just...an open door. And an empty glass, and a spreading stain.

To the family of Intern Maureen: She was a good intern, with a beautiful puppy, and a chatty neighbor.

She will be missed.

[chime]

Wait– uhh, I just got another email from Carlos, marked URGENT. He says:

"Cecil? Just talked to my team of scientists, who have been investigating the House that Doesn't Exist – the one in the Desert Creek housing development that looks like it exists; like, it's right there when you look it and it's between two other identical houses, so it would make more sense for it to be there than not – that one.

"They still have not gotten up the courage to go inside the house, but they did peek in the window and they saw John Peters – you know, the farmer? – they saw John sitting in a chair in an empty room, staring at a picture on the wall. They could not see what was in the picture, but John was sitting quietly, staring at it, not moving.

"They called his name, they tried dialing his phone, but he did not respond. They even knocked on the door...nothing.

"Whoever this ‘John Peters' is, selling oranges and orange juice, is not the John Peters we know.

"Also, I take it back, I think we should go out to eat tonight. I tried to go to the store, but they're completely out of pasta, tomatoes, herbs, scissors, fire, everything!"

Well, now that is–

Listeners? Someone is pounding on the studio door, despite the brightly-lit ON AIR DO NOT DISTURB sign we always put out.

Dear listeners, John Peters just came to visit!

[deep breath]

I should talk with him. Maybe this is a good time for us to go to the wea–

No! Wait! Stop! John? John? No!

["Black White and Red" by Emrys Cronin]

Listeners?

Ugh!

Listeners! What a fretful few moments we just had!

John Peters – you know, the imposter? – he burst into our studio and tried forcing me to eat an orange. I attempted to reason with him, attempted to talk about our old bowling league, and the wood shop class he used to teach, I even asked him about the hilarious times we used to have standing silent and trance-like in front of the ancient Chalk Spire – predecessor to the current Brown Stone Spire – our mouths frothing, our minds spinning, our ventricles slowing...

But John did not acknowledge any of these fond memories.

As a last resort, with the orange nearing my face and my back pressing hard against the sharp edge of my broadcast table, I grabbed my phone to tell Carlos that if I didn't make it home tonight, it wasn't because I didn't love him, or didn't want to watch a documentary on special scientific graphs, or was too obsessed with my job to relax and enjoy a good meal and some television, it was only because I was zapped out of existence by a lunatic non-John Peters.

And that, in fact, I do love Carlos, and I would want nothing more than to watch a documentary on scientific graphs over some homemade linguini, or to go out to eat again, or whatever!

But then, as I grabbed my phone, I thought, "Eh, that's way too long to write for a text," so...I just hit John Peters upside the head with it, knocking him unconscious.

And the Sheriff's Secret Police came to carry the Fake John away, telling me that I didn't see anything here...but then the Strexcorp-affiliated station management arrived, and asked the Sheriff and his Secret Police to stand down, and that they – the Secret Police – didn't see anything here, and to move along like nothing happened. The Secret Police nodded and quietly shuffled out of the building, heads facing down at their shoes.

There's still an empty O.J. Glass on the floor. The carpet around it is dark – not with liquid stain, but...with void.

The spilled juice has taken the rug wherever it has taken Maureen, wherever it has taken the reporters, wherever it probably took the real John Peters – you know, the farmer?

Oh. My producer, Daniel, just gave me a disapproving smile as he handed me this note:

"Strexcorp Synernists Inc., majority shareholder of J.P.'s OJ, Ltd., is recalling all oranges and juices due to..."

And here there's just a dark red smudge across the words.

"Strexcorp apologizes for any inconveniences, disappearances, lethargy, and/or multiplicity you may have experienced."

[chime]

Oh, Carlos texted.

"No pasta, but there's leftover falafel and an unopened bag of nutmeg seeds to snack on. XOXO"

And then there's an emoji of, uh, two dinosaurs chasing an early-80s Ford Mustang up a palmetto-lined suburban street as some residents look on, shocked and scared – a few laughing – others undisturbed as they mow their lawns or sculpt their fruit-shaped topiary bushes, oh man.

Oh, that's very cute!

Listeners, let me release my own special announcement.

Cecil Palmer would like to not be late for dinner.

Stay tuned next for an hour that will feel like minutes but will, in actuality, take weeks.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

39) The Woman from Italy (15 January 2014)

Flying is actually the safest mode of transportation. The second-safest is dreaming. The third-safest is decomposing into rich earth and drifting away with the wind and rain.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. Welcome to this, another day. Or, you were already in this day, and my voice is now joining you. Perhaps you should be welcoming me.

I'd like to take this moment to update you about the misbehaving child, Tamika Flynn.

She has been witnessed with her army of missing children, sabotaging any business owned by Strexcorp – which is getting to be most of them at this point.

The White Sand Ice Cream Shop isn't...there are probably others. They should not be proud of this.

Tamika was last seen leading her army through the Ralph's, shouting to all witnesses that "We are here! We are the beating heart! We are the breathing lungs! We are the lips that chant!" before erecting a bloodstone circle in the produce section, in direct defiance of Strexcorp's recent ban on bloodstone manufacture and use.

This was wrong of her, and it is my duty to condemn her act of extreme civic pride and heroism. Which is also wrong. Everything was incorrect, and not allowed, and should not be celebrated or reported on.

Listen. Listening is dangerous. Talking? More so. Things aren't looking so good for quiet existence, either.

In an unrelated report, yellow helicopters have continued to disappear from their place in the sky, along with the pilots who were presumably inside. The helicopters are disappearing almost as fast as our beneficent sponsors, Strexcorp, can supply them.

Strexcorp management released a series of flares from the darkened horizon which spelled, in Morse code, "We love your enthusiasm for our products, but those helicopters are for your own good and productivity. Please, stop taking them. Don't make us ask again, or we will have to do a number of unproductive things with your human form."

Also, and I don't even know why I'm bringing this up, there was a new woman drinking coffee at the Moonlite All-Nite Diner this morning. She smiled twice, and frowned once. And her fingers tapped out a rhythm. There was nothing unusual about the rhythm. She ordered a second coffee, she—

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY
IS ARRIVING TODAY
NOTHING CAN STOP HER
FROM COMING THIS WAY
SHE WILL NOT HEAR PLEADING,
SHE CARES NOT FOR SUCCOR
SHE IS THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,
BOW LOW BEFORE HER

ALL THE CHILDREN IN TOWN
KNOW TO HIDE IN THEIR ROOMS
THE ADULTS HAVE FORGOTTEN –
THEY'LL RECALL ALL TOO SOON
HER HANDS ARE LIKE STORM CLOUDS,
WITH LIGHTNING-QUICK TALONS
ALL BEFORE IS A MURMUR
ALL AFTER IS SILENCE

...and ate the last of her eggs. Nothing more to report on the woman at this time. I don't even know why I reported what I just did.

The Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency would like to address the lights and sounds seen in the Scrublands just off Route 800 yesterday.

Many townspeople reported seeing a great craft alight on the ground, and disgorge spindly creatures of enormous size, wavering up into the darkness with limbs that's angle and attachment met none of the criteria of human biologic knowledge.

The Agency would like to inform you that what you mistook for the Scrublands was actually your grandmother's house, that what you mistook for a great craft was your grandmother – with whom you have a tense, but ultimately loving, relationship. And what you mistook as enormous spindly creatures were the words you and your grandmother exchanged – pleasantries and reminiscence to avoid discussing all the hurt that lies behind you, and the ultimate ending to your shared past that is foreshadowed by her every forgetful moment. Every tremble in her hand.

"There is no such thing as aliens!" says the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency. "Your grandmother is dying. And so are you. You have this in common, celebrate it!"

A memo from the owner of the Ace Hardware on Fifth and Shay Street:

They will no longer tolerate baristas lining up for day jobs in their parking lot. Every morning at dawn, dozens of baristas with newsboy caps, waxed mustaches, and knit ties tucked into buttoned sweater-vests continue to crowd the parking lot, foreheads beaded with desperation, and hoping to be picked up to operate unlicensed espresso machines. This is scaring away the legitimate Ace hardware customers, and the baristas will be required to return to their caves just on the outskirts of town, near the Sand Wastes, in the Barista District.

Oh! Some great news to all of you out there who adopted kittens from Khoshekh, the cat floating in our station bathroom. Well, it's been several months, and the kittens have just been growing like you wouldn't believe! They've molted twice, and some of them are already getting their grownup kitty spine ridges!

Which brings me to my grave warning:

As we all know, the spine ridges of adult cats are highly poisonous. If you are coming to see a kitten that you have adopted, it is important that you check for the location and severity of the spine ridge before attempting any petting.

Also, keep your hands away from their mouths. A few of them have developed their venom sacs. We lost two cat adopters already this months, so...let's just be careful, people.

And, let's take care of these cute little kitties! Who's my adorable little kitten with your adorable tendril hub? It's you! It's you!

I'm not even sure why I bring this up, but the new woman is wandering down Main Street, checking out the various knick-knack stores and antique shops and chanting dens and food wallows that have been springing up with all this new money flooded into Night Vale from one single, uncomfortably efficient source.

She is window shopping, but hasn't found one she likes yet. Bay windows, stained glass, a car window taken from a 1983 Honda Odyssey, she bought none of them! She gnaws softly on the side of her thumb, she—

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY
IS WITH US THIS EVENING
WE HIDE AND WE SHUDDER
BUT THERE IS NO DECEIVING
SHE EXHALES MUST AND STEAM,
SHE POISONS THE AIR
SAY YOU HAVE A FAMILY, SAY IT!
SHE DOESN'T CARE

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY
DELIGHTS IN YOUR PAIN
SHE ASKS JUST ONE FAVOR,
BUT ASKS AGAIN AND AGAIN
"DO YOU THINK YOU COULD,
NO RUSH, JUST A MOMENT,
GIVE IN SCREAMING TO
ETERNALLY BURNING TORMENT?"

...sang an impromptu song to the delight of everyone who heard her.

No one heard her.

And now, traffic.

Think of a number. Any number. That number is how many thousands of years old a certain rock is.

That number is how many times someone has cried in their life.

That number is the lucky number of an unlucky man who is yet to realize he is unlucky.

Think of a number. No, think of...numbers.

Picture all of these abstract representations of human thought, all of them forming an imagined pattern, as all patterns are imagined, and picture how those abstractions describe, in specific ways, real moments that exist.

Picture numbers.

There is a woman who lives at 531 Beachwood Street. Her phone number starts with a 3 and ends with a 5. She smiled 18 times yesterday. She is currently thinking of 3 things she needs to do. There are actually 4 things she needs to do. She has forgotten 1 of them.

She touches the doorknob 2 times before committing to its turn. She has 2 eyes. She has 2 hands. She has 2 more chances to make her life what she thinks it should be.

But she doesn't know it yet.

Think of a number.

Yes! That's the one! That's the one that describes an infinity of disparate truths about our disparate universe.

Also, the roads are looking clear.

This has been traffic.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Filler text to be replaced with actual material. Replace with copy before sending to radio station.

Talking points go here.

Something about coffee
Something about the bright start of a hypothetical day
Something about secret boxes locked in secret soundproof rooms
Maybe make it a song. Look into that.

Then, slogan goes here.

Starbucks.

Copy and paste slogan again here.

Also, just reminding the future me that comes back to rewrite this that I need to grab some milk. I think the one in the office fridge is starting to turn.

As long as I'm reminding myself things, I'm a good person, worthy of love – both from myself and others. And writing press releases and ads like this is just the start of a great writing career.

You have a novel in you, kid! You have a novel in you!

This has been a word from our sponsors.

In economic news, the White Sand Ice Cream Shop has gone out of business, and will never open again.

The owners, Lucy and Hannah Gutierrez, have gone bankrupt and, as is usual for bankruptcy cases, have had their lives confiscated by the nearest friendly large business – which, in this case, was Strexcorp.

"We were only too happy to help," Strexcorp carved into a large slab, uncovered this morning out in the Sand Wastes, and dated to several thousand years ago by reputable scientists and experts.

The carving continued, "Lucy and Hannah are valuable members of this community, and now their value has been added to our value. We are even more valuable now. Everyone wins! Even if it seems like some of the everyones are gone, or absorbed, or dead. This is just part of the natural process of winning."

Archaeologists were baffled when presented with the content of the carving and evidence of its age, saying that just moments ago they were working in a museum in Los Angeles, and they have no idea where they are or how they were so suddenly brought here.

"Let us go home," they said to the person presenting the carving. "Please! Let us go home!"

In a story that will interest no one, the new woman is sitting on a bench in Mission Grove Park, reading an old paperback copy of a book apparently called Bridge of Birds. Her hair flutters a bit in the breeze. She turns a page in the book, she crosses her legs as she leans back and relaxes into the story she is reading. She—

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,
OH END OF ALL THINGS
SHE HAS SEEN THE FALL OF BABYLON,
SHE HAS DRUNK THE BLOOD OF KINGS
HER ROBES ARE SHADOW,
HER EYES ARE DUSK
HER VOICE IS AMBER,
AND CHALK DUST AND RUST

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY
HAS HONED IN ON YOUR SCENT
SHE SEEKS OUT YOUR REFUGE.
OH YES! SHE KNOWS WHERE YOU WENT!
IT'S YOUR SKIN THAT SHE WANTS,
BOUND AND BROWNED INTO LEATHER
BUT FIRST, PREDECEASE,
I GIVE YOU THE WEATHER

["Penn Station" by The Felice Brothers]

Welcome back, listeners!

Usually, after the weather, I am here to tell you about how we have been saved from some world-ending danger – that, for whatever reason, has failed again to end our world.

But today, I have no such report, because there is no such danger. Or, there is an infinitude of such dangers. Rocks hurdling unseen from space, gamma ray bursts created by chance and utterly destroying by chance, disease, war, hunger, or the slow dissipation of it all – not by the sudden, but by the gradual always.

But now is not the time for such light-hearted childish thoughts. Now is the time for me to talk.

Umm, let's see. What can I talk about?

Ah! Well, that new woman! The one I have been, for some reason, reporting on, she is leaving town. She has bought a Razor Scooter from the pawn shop, and is using it to skim her way down the shoulder of Route 800. Destination – and origin – both unknown. But we know where she is now.

Good for us!

Any information is impressive in such an opaque world.

Cars honk and swerve, there are a few accidents, a man gets out of his car and looks at his bumper, fists on his hips, his mouth half opened, saying, "Well what is this now? Well what is this now?"

The woman does not seem to hear him – or anything else.

She is skimming slowly out of town, her hand raises, it waves goodbye, her shoulders bounce slightly with the imperfections of the road. She turns to look back, and we all see her face and we..

We...

WE...

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY,
OH MERCIFUL GODDESS!
HER VICTIMS ARE LEGION
BUT THIS EVENING THEY'RE NOT US
WE GRAB GRATEFUL BREATHS
FROM THE NIGHT-SHADED AIR
BATED BREATHS, FEARFUL BREATHS,
BUT BREATHE DEEP – NOTHING THERE

THE WOMAN FROM ITALY IS GONE
BUT THEN, NOT FOR ALWAYS
SHE WAITS BEHIND DOORS
AND AT THE END OF DARK HALLWAYS
SHE FOLLOWS NO LOGIC,
EXISTS SOLELY FOR SPITE
BUT YOU ARE SAFE FOR NOW, DEAR LISTENER,
SO GOODNIGHT, NIGHT VALE.

GOODNIGHT.

40) The Deft Bowman (1 February 2014)

The riddle says, "He walks on four legs in the morning. He walks on two legs at midday. And at night, he slithers from dream to dream effortlessly, like the air we breathe. And we love him."

Welcome to Night Vale.

In response to our town's steadily-declining tourism industry, the Night Vale Tourism Board addressed our town's complete lack of appealing destinations – like uncensored art museums, hotels with door locks, and snake-free restaurants. NVTB Executive Director Madeline LeFleur said some travelers think they need to "see things, like monuments, or the majesty of nature, or spectacular musicals, or eat regional/cultural foods in order to have a good time on vacation. But they don't!"

"You don't need attractions to have a good time!" she added. "Just use your imagination! In fact, come to Night Vale, where ‘we will show you fun in a handful of dust,' as the new NVTB slogan says!"

LeFleur then became transfixed by the midday sun. "There it is again!" she whispered to a confused crowd. "It's beautiful! So beautiful! Why do you think it keeps circling back like that?"

Good news, listeners! The telephone service has finally fixed the telephone booth behind the Taco Bell! The telephone that was always ringing and never had a dial tone? You know the one. When you picked it up it clicked, and hissed, and sometimes played notes that seemed to come from a music box. You did not recognize the tune, but...it was familiar, as if from another time and place.

Since no one uses telephone booths anymore, I'm not entirely sure why they did this, but the telephone booth is working!

The telephone service dispatched a crew of men who would not be missed. They wore wooden suits, climbed up the nearby pole, and clattered around like so many bamboo wind chimes filled with hamburger. After several hours, they climbed down, furtively smoking cigarettes, and departed in their unmarked black van, removing the OUT OF ORDER sign from the booth shortly before leaving.

Some say they've seen strangers of varying heights and aura magnitudes speaking into the telephone in a hushed tone, in words that might have been Russian, staring at the horizon with cold determination. And as the strangers all departed quickly, all in separate pedicabs, witnesses reported a detached human hand crawling up the inside of the booth.

Was this lone visitor to the phone booth the young Megan Wallaby? Megan was born as a detached hand of an adult man, so...it seems like this was probably she who slowly, but desperately, picked up the telephone as the sun began to set. We may never know for certain, but at least we know the telephone you'll never bother to use is working again.

Ah! Speaking of telecommunication, listeners, I've been receiving some odd text messages. My phone claims they are from former intern Dana, who was trapped in the Forbidden Dog Park several months ago and is now traversing an unknown plane of space and/or time.

Here are some recent texts from her:

Found a mountain. Mountain's not real? Huh!

Log those!

Dang it, lighthouse!

Sorry, stupid autocorrect.

There's a lighthouse up on the mountain, and atop the lighthouse a blinking red light.

And then no more texts. And it's been several days. I tried texting back but my touch screen just displayed a photograph of my face that began to slowly rot, the eyes deepening until they were sunken holes, long white hair growing rapidly, insects crawling from my slackened, decayed maw, and then the words "UNDELIVERED TEXT" in all caps below it.

I decided...maybe this conversation was one not meant to be.

More good news, listeners! A submarine has arrived from Nulogorsk, a tiny fishing village in Russia. Nulogorsk was a long-time sister city of Night Vale. We shared pen pal letters and gifts for many years. But, beginning in 1983, Nulogorsk stopped changing the dates on their letters. By 1997, it became apparent that Nulogorsk would never stop existing in 1983. And without being able to openly discuss the complexities of Michael Jackson's career arc, Night Vale stopped corresponding.

So, for this single reason, and no other, the arrival of a Nulogorskian submarine in our desert was unexpected.

The Night Vale PTA and the management of the local Pinkberry released a joint statement, saying "The arrival of the submarine from Nulogorsk may represent a renewal of long-ago international hostilities, caused by simple misunderstandings over how to use a calendar properly."

Seeking to allay these concerns, the Sheriff's Secret Police's genderless spokesbeing, with the smoothly beautiful features, explained in that voice that calms animals:

"Decades ago, when you were a child and lived beside the sea, you would go down in the afternoon and stand in the water, warm as blood, and pluck clams from between the rocks. Your grandfather would cook them over his stove until they opened, and you would listen to the radio together. The ships would come in the afternoon, piled high with cod and herring, surrounded by seagulls, carrying tales of adventure and peril in the sloshing boots of every fisherman.

"Some things don't come back," the spokesbeing continued. "They can only travel in one direction, like mountains travel through the centuries. Yes, mountains. You were with Grandfather when the voice on the radio rose an alarm. Grandfather stood up. There was fear upon the monument of his face. This was not supposed to happen. Not here.

"Do you remember the light, so bright you could see it through the wall? Then nothing. Then dark, and a ringing telephone. But we are here, and now, and this is not there and then," concluded the Sheriff's spokesbeing.

The spokesbeing responded to followup questions by cocking their head and slowly blinking their milk-glass eyes, like an animal watching an insect crawl across the floor.

Further inquiries were directed to the jade statue of a cat who hums almost inaudibly in the Sheriff's Secret Police's Secret Garden.

The Secret Police plan to open the hatches of the submarine and look inside at any moment. We'll report back as we learn more.

Listeners, many of you know I have a bit of a delicate relationship with our new station management. And recent events have caused some concern for many of you. But, rest assured, while management and artists are often at odds about how to run a business, here at the station we all have one thing in common: We love radio.

I just met our new program director, Lauren Mallard. And you know, she's a delight! In fact, she's joining me in the studio right now. I thought it would be a good time to introduce you to the kindest, most gentle manager we have ever had at this station.

Lauren, it's great to have you here!

It's great to have you here! I know change is difficult, both for the talent and for the listeners, but our focus is always on good radio. And, Cecil, you are the best at good radio!

Aww, thank you. Listeners, please know that I really do think things are looking up. I'm really excited about the new direction we're under with Lauren!

Well, I can't wait to be more involved. And I just love your show. I've loved every moment of it! I love your informative reports, I love your beautiful voice, I love the way you talk of the town. You clearly love your city, Cecil. It shows in your work. I even love your scientist boyfriend. What's his name again? With his perfect hair, and teeth like a military cemetery. He's always looking into the scientific mysteries of Night Vale. He even broke the story, as you reporters might say, of the trans-dimensional oranges our farmers had developed. Well, it sure was a good thing he was looking into our oranges, or...we could have harmed a lot of people on our way to making a ton of money! So very much money. What's a few lives? So much money! He's a good scientist you have there. What's his name again?

Ummmmmmm.....Carlos?

Right. That's right. Carlos. Okay. Good talking to you! Gotta go. Bye!

Oh, uhh, okay. Well, thank you, Lauren! Goodbye.

And now a public service announcement from the Night Vale Marine Biologists Association:

"The ocean is full of things that would like to kill you. And other things that would ignore or not understand you, and then eventually kill you. Because they do not have the same understanding or valuation of life and death as humans. There are still other things that you would probably kill, simply because you think they are beautiful, and you want to possess beautiful things because you believe that beauty and sentience are mutually exclusive.

"Never go to the ocean. It is a confounding place. It is full of death, and strife, and terror. We're marine biologists, and we won't even go to an ocean, so you know it's bad," the PSA reads.

"Maybe just take a nap and think about clouds until they find your body."

This has been a message from the Marine Biologists Association.

The Sheriff's Secret Police have opened the hatch of the submarine from Nulogorsk. Onlookers describe a curious crack of pressure, as if peeling back the pop top of a can of old soda, and a smell of something regurgitated.

Wisps of steam were observed to rise from the opened submarine. The Sheriff's Secret Police drew their daggers and a Junior Secret Detective was encouraged to volunteer to be the first to explore the vessel.

There was silence as she climbed through the hatch.

Gentle listeners, the screaming began almost immediately. It was described as a sort of high-pitched shriek that deepened moment by moment, until it was only an agonized moan, then rising back up in pitch again, then falling.

Onlookers remarked that they had never quite heard a scream like that before – not even that time in the barn.

The Junior Secret Detective reappeared after those few harrowing moments, but she was not the woman who went inside the submarine. Her hair was long, and gray, and her limbs were withered with age. She tumbled out of the hatch, and was taken off to the hospital where she is listed in ancient condition, though expected to fully recover.

Further volunteers discovered the body of an enormous bald-headed man, with some faded flower tattoos, and a left arm that stopped in a rough stump just above his wrist.

The Sheriff's Secret Police also discovered a postcard, depicting the painted houses and beautiful clear water of Nulogorsk. Written on the back was a message, in Russian:

"One adult man. Missing hand. And the other items," it read, according to Google Translate.

The other items in question included a rotary-dial phone with no receiver cord, a large tin full of hardtack, a wrapped parcel (which was carried away by a man who was not tall), a thick book (which was carried away by a man who was not short), and a front page article from the September 24th, 1983 issue of the Night Vale Daily Journal, written by Foreign Correspondent Leann Hart. The headline of this article was:

Sister City Nulogorsk Decimated By Nuclear Attack -
No Known Survivors

Listeners, this is simply not true! I had intern Svee pull up that very issue, and the front page article is by City Beat reporter Leann Hart, and the headline reads:

City Council OKs Book Ownership For Randomly Selected Students

Which is the truth, listeners? I cannot comprehend what has happened to our old pen pals from Nulogorsk! Who were we talking to for all those years? Were they destroyed in 1983? I'm going to get Svee's article to the Secret Police. The correct historical truth must be validated, and all false histories brutally repressed.

And until that time, the only truth we will have is the weather.

["Offering" by Black City Lights]

Well, before the Sheriff's Secret Police could respond to my news article discrepancy, the unconnected rotary phone on the submarine began ringing.

The unidentified man in the submarine answered the phone, speaking his first words – in Russian, of course. He still has yet to be identified, and no one is certain if he is a survivor or a ghost. But he spoke to someone on the other end.

"Trace the call!" an officer shouted to a group of other officers in a nearby van.

Listeners, they traced the call. And it was coming from the phone booth behind the Taco Bell.

On the other end of the line was an adult man's detached hand named Megan, the daughter of Tak and Herschel Wallaby.

She was alone. All alone — except for the telephone booth, as forgotten technologies have been young Megan's only friends.

This broke the heart of the Sheriff's Secret Police.

This broke the heart of the two men who had skulked away from the submarine.

This broke the heart of the unidentified man from Nulogorsk.

And from this moment came wonderful news, listeners. The unidentified man told the Secret Police in stiff, but practiced, English, "I am a gift from Nulogorsk, in appreciation of Night Vale's many years of friendship and kindness."

And the unidentified man offered himself as an organ donor...or rather, a body donor for Night Vale's very own Megan Wallaby. The young girl, born with congenital hand-bodiness, was rushed from the telephone booth behind the Taco Bell. The unidentified man has been rushed from the submarine in the Sand Wastes. Megan has been surgically attached to the wrist stump of the unidentified man – or, rather, the unidentified man has been surgically attached to the single hand body of Megan Wallaby.

Megan's surgeons have declared the operation a quick and complete success. After emerging from recovery, Megan even rose from her bed, her face dour, and took a few toneless steps – like a man balancing the weight of a wet overcoat on a failing hanger – before collapsing onto the floor of her hospital room while nurses screamed and called for help.

Megan has a long road of therapy ahead of her, learning how to...everything. But, we believe in her, don't we Night Vale?

That little girl is going to enjoy the childhood she feels she has missed out on. We won't mind if she smashes through a few walls, or crushes a few rib cages in hugs. If this is what she wants, we will support her, because she is beautiful.

And the unidentified man from Nulogorsk? Sadly, we will never see him again. Nor may we ever learn why his truth was so different from our own.

But Megan's truth...is. She is finally happy. Happy in the body she was born without.

Maybe one day, we will see her: six foot ten, and bald, shambling down the street. We will say, "Hello, Megan!"

And maybe, with enough hard work, she will be able to answer back in the sing-song voice of a child, "Hello, Cecil!" as she jauntily waves the hand that used to be her entire body.

Yes, Night Vale, that sounds just about right.

Stay tuned next for live coverage of college basketball, as two universities select a dozen students to perform unnatural physical tasks on a wooden rectangle inside a cavernous scream chamber.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

All proceeds from this ad box go toward covering the costs of web hosting.
41) WALK (15 February 2014)

At a loss for words? Here's a few you can use:

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. We have some news that will affect your morning commute, so let's dive right into it.

WALK signals across the whole of Night Vale are malfunctioning. Of course, usually they show either a graphic photo of a run-over pedestrian, indicating you should wait, or time-lapse photography of flowers wilting, indicating that it is safe to cross. But this morning, commuters all over Night Vale are reporting that, bafflingly, they now all have just the word "WALK" in bold, white letters.

Citizens are standing by the side of the road, unsure of whether they are allowed–

Cecil! Cecil, it's Dana!

Oh, it's so good to be able to communicate again!

Cecil?

Where'd he go?

*Sigh* I don't think he can hear me, but...I'll keep talking just in case.

Cecil? I have been in this desert for months now. Years, maybe. Get enough minutes and you have days, have months, have years, have the whole of your life. There's never a great shift, only a gradual sliding downwards.

I can see the Blinking Light Up On the Mountain. I looked into it, and my head went one way while my mind went another. A lurch outside of all that seems to be.

I moved my head just a touch to the left, a glance in a world of perspectives, and I was here, in your studio! Well, not here-here.

I don't know how it happened, or how long this vision in which we all pretend to be real will last. I am pretending as hard as I can.

When I first got here, being a good mountain unbeliever, I turned my back to it and marched directly into the flat desert. And soon enough, I had somehow come back to the mountain. I turned and marched away again, but ended up right back here.

There's a Blinking Light Up On the Mountain, and I blink in and out of its vicinity against my will.

Occasionally, I see huge, masked figures, warlike, towering, but also distant and listless. They haven't seen me. Or, if they've seen me, they haven't cared. Or, if they've cared, they haven't done anything with that feeling. I'm not scared of them.

There are so many things in this world to be scared of. Why add to that number when the only cause is you know nothing about them and they are huge? It would make no sense.

I found a door out in the desert, but it was chained shut on the other side. From behind it, I thought I smelled that particular Night Vale smell – the smell of home, like sour peaches and linen. Like freshly-cut wood and burnt almonds. I knocked and knocked, hoping someone from back there would hear it and let me through, but it never opened.

I wasn't even sure which side was supposed to open. I knocked on both sides, but...nothing.

I kept walking and found myself back at the mountain.

There is a Blinking Light Up On the Mountain. And so there is nothing else for it. It is time for me to climb.

The face of the mountain is steep, and lined with sharp ridges and crumbling ledges. This will not be easy.

I wonder if anything ever will be?

Hopefully I will know something when I am up there that I did not know when I was down here. Elevation must equal knowledge. It must! Because nothing else has.

Cecil, I will keep trying. I don't have to keep trying, there is no obligation for me to not just give up, just slump down until I fall away and join the inanimate matter of this strange other world. I don't have to keep trying. Remember that, I say to myself, as I keep trying.

I don't know if you've heard any of this. I'd like to think you did. I'd like to think that I'm home. I'd like to think that mountains aren't real, even though I know now, without doubt, that they are.

I will see you again, perhaps. From up there, wherever that is. Just me, always me, but from higher up.

Goodbye, Cecil.

–unable to stop walking. WALK, the signals say. And the pedestrians walk. In unison. Arms swinging in a rigid rhythm.

This is the worst malfunctioning of WALK signals Night Vale has seen since the time all their light bulbs were accidentally replaced with poison gas dispensers.

More on this story as it looms closer to us.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

A balding grassland beneath a low cliff side.

There is a monk.

Picture what a monk looks like.

A bell rings. From his hand, maybe. Then he takes a small step. Then there's that bell again.

It will take him a long time to make it from this bit of grass to whatever there is beyond it. An entire lifetime it will take him. And even then, he will die unfinished. Undone in midst of doing, having gone slowly to nowhere much.

Then a bell will ring. From his hand, maybe. Or from somewhere else.

And then, nothing.

Mountain Dew.

Do the Dew.

And now, back to ou–

Hello, Cecil? Cecil, can you hear me?

Dammit.

Cecil, it is beautiful here. It is empty here. I found a lighthouse up on the mountain. Tall, maybe 40 feet? Built of brown stone and about 15 feet in diameter. Beyond the lighthouse, I found a settlement of sort. It was bound inside the stone walls of a tightly-wound gorge. I hope to find answers in this settlement. I hope to find anything.

Here is what I found:

Dust, mostly.

Emptiness.

A sense of loss as I thought about the distance between myself and those I love.

An interesting rock, but I can't find it anymore.

I miss my brother.

A sense of loss as I thought about the people who never returned home to the settlement. If they no longer exist to feel loss, then I shall feel it for them.

Also, there were strange drawings along the walls of the gorge. Orange triangles growing bigger and bigger as I traced my way deeper into the spiral. There was a soft light just around the edges of the triangles. When I looked at them, I felt a light in my head and it pounded like a migraine against the back of my eyes. I could not look at them.

I could not look away.

I was lost in the spiral. It was built by good people, but they were gone, taken by something larger and stronger than them. Much larger and stronger than even the masked warriors I saw before.

I worried about what– who would be taken next.

My eyes hurt. So through my subjectivity, the entire world hurt.

And then, a bright blackness, from somewhere beyond the spiral. That was when I realized I had forgotten that there was anything outside of the spiral. It had become the entirety, the totality, all of that.

But I followed the bright blackness, a near-blinding beam of pure darkness, and it led me back out again.

The orange triangles grew smaller and smaller, until they were little dots of freckled rock face.

There is something coming, Cecil. I feel it in the air. It– it's like a hot wind blowing? But not hot, deathly cold. And not a wind, a vast creature. And not blowing, rushing at us out of the gaps in time and memory with which we hold together our lives.

When I look to the horizon, I see light. Like the light in the spiral. I feel it push against the back of my eyes. It is the unraveling of all things, the great, glowing coils of the universe unwinding.

I wish I could tell you more. Communication is difficult. It is impossible, some say, communicating the idea of its impossibility to others.

I feel myself slipping. I'm getting fainter now.

Or...no. No. You are!

–which I haven't done, by the way, in years! Or, at least, days. Or at least, I'm not doing it right now!

Thursday is a lost cause, but we will keep on fighting. We will get up, say "Yes! Today is a different day than before!" believing this against all evidence, eating food like that matters. Going to jobs that mean the same thing as they did before, but cast in a new light by our own optimism, which will slowly drain away until all that is left is the movements and thoughts we've had before. Echoes of ourselves, underlined to emphasize the lack of emphasis.

Coming home, drifting home. Aimless homeward wandering into a kitchen that is too small for our needs, and eating food that isn't what we imagined it would be. And watching television that means more to us than our jobs. And, finally, falling asleep – in which we dream of the Thursday that could be...if only we lived Thursday to the full potential of its Thursday-ness, not expecting it to be anything but Thursday, embracing every inch of its Thursday reality, and living each Thursday moment anew, only to wake the next Thursday, and again impose, unsuccessfully, our imagined Thursday onto the unyielding frame of Thursday. Our Thursday. A lost cause.

This has been the Community Calendar.

The crowd amassed by the WALK signals is now marching down Route 800, apparently advancing on City Hall. When reached for comment, the City Council said that they were definitely at City Hall, ready to receive the concerns of their constituents, and not, say, hiding in a hastily-dug hole in Mission Grove Park, keeping as still as possible, and breathing through their dirt gills until this all blows over.

"Incidentally," their comment continued, "if you happen to see a conspicuous pile of earth in any parks, maybe just...throw some leaves on it, or put a bench over it, to make it less obvious. No biggie, just if you get a chance, that'd be cool," the Council concluded, their voices noticeably muffled.

Fortunately, the effect of the WALK signals only reaches those who are looking at one, and I myself...hey, what–

How did that get in here?

Umm, listeners, there is a WALK signal in my studio. "WALK," it says.

I must walk. The signal is saying so.

I will have to leave my desk in order to do that.

And so, before I go, I take you to the WALK-ther...the WeALtKher. The WALK. WALK. WALK. W–

["What Have They Done to You Now" by Daniel Knox]

I can't seem to get hold of Cecil. I'm trying to tell him something important, but just as I showed up here again, he announced the weather.

The weather is beautiful here.

Cecil could not hear me, and I do not remember what I wanted to say.

I remember the table at my grandfather's house. It had carved legs in the shape of a myriad of animals, spiraling around each other, whole ecosystems within each leg.

But it was also well-used. We ate there, we talked there, we lived around it, in rows and columns delineated by chairs and space.

I remember diagonals of sunlight in the late afternoon, drawn across its flat expanse, transversed by my grandfather's hand as he swept it through whatever story he was telling, to highlight the words with motion, to motion us closer to the words.

I remember my mother, as rapt as I was. I remember my brother, as rapt as I was. I remember that I haven't seen my mother or my brother for months now.

And in some ways, I miss that table more than I miss them.

We are, all of us, only one life each. But that table is all of our lives added together, a delicate, tangled problem we never wished to solve.

But, life solves all our problems against our will.

I remember, I am Dana. Or, I am Dana's double. One of us killed the other with the stapler. Even I don't know which one.

I have these memories, but memories prove nothing. Experiences also prove nothing. There are many proofs for nothing. It is the concept of which we are most certain.

I'm sorry. I'm trying to remember something important, and I am failing.

My grandfather died a long time ago.

A few months ago, I killed my double.

These facts have no symmetry. They are disconnected.

I must find a way back to you, listeners. I must protect Night Vale, and Cecil, and my mother, and my brother, and whoever I am, I must protect them from what is coming: the unraveling of all things!

This winding gorge spirals around itself. An empty ecosystem within the mountain.

Beyond it, the desert is a flat expanse, with diagonals of sunlight transversed by my passing.

I am sweeping through my own story, highlighting the words with motion. Motioning us closer to the end.

This is not what I wanted to tell you.

Listeners, look past the things you think you see. Move your head just a touch to the left, a glance in a world of perspectives, and then...you might see it: an entire universe in the corner of your eye.

I have seen this lighthouse with its red beam rotating out into the desert distance.

I have seen the Dog Park, and its infinite, bland secrets.

I have seen the settlement in the gorge, and I do not wish to see it again.

I have seen Cecil.

But I have not seen my mother.

I have not seen my brother.

Life solves the problems we hope it won't.

You may hear from me again. I'm afraid...

No, concerned.

No, afraid, that you will not.

I wish I could stay, but the noise of the approaching...ugh, whatever it is, has gotten louder. Closer.

I must go.

This is Intern Dana. Sister, daughter, or not.

Dana? with a question mark.

This is me, or my double, signing out.

I miss you, Night Vale.

Goodbye.

And so, we are all saved again!

I'll be honest, Night Vale, that was the most worried I've been in some time.

And how we were saved was so unlikely and miraculous, that I feel that today will become one of the standard tales told every year on Frightening Day.

Certainly, it is a story I will never forget.

Here is where I leave you. Not to walk away...I think I will avoid walking for a while. But certainly to go somewhere, to see someone.

And I don't know...if he suggests a walk, I might change my mind. He can be as persuasive as hypnotic malfunctioning city equipment sometimes, as the old saying goes.

Stay tuned next for the noises of my hurried retreat, echoing first as sound, and then as memory. And maybe, then again, as part of tonight's fractured dreaming.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

42) Numbers (1 March 2014)

I sing the body electric. I gasp the body organic. I miss the body remembered.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Even as much of town has been in flux, listeners, there is also much that has remained solid.

It's hot here, for instance. It's a desert.

There are still lights in the sky above the Arby's, and we still understand them.

The sun is still rising – and setting – loudly...on most days.

But, nearest and dearest to my heart, among all the constants in life, is WZZZ, our local numbers station, broadcasting from that strange and tall antenna built out back of the Abandoned Gas Station on Oxford Street. It still broadcasts a monotone female voice reading out seemingly random numbers, interspersed with chimes, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

No transfer in ownership of most of the town, nor unrest in the streets, nor declared war by a tiny civilization under a bowling alley could change how it operates.

Until, well...until today.

It changed.

Here, listen.

TWENTY-THREE.
NINETY-TWO.
[DING]
THIRTY-THREE.
SIXTY-SEVEN.
EIGHTY-EIGHT.
FORTY-ONE.
FORTY-ONE.
FORTY...
I...
I...

At which point the broadcast ceased. It has been silent since.

What does this mean? Where did the numbers go?

We reached out to the management of WZZZ for comment, but then realized we still have no idea who manages it.

So we reached out in general, directing questions out into the still of today – at suspicious birds, at passers-by checking their phones, at ourselves, hunched over breakfasts that, every time, we swear will be early and leisurely, but always end up late and meager.

No one has provided any comment.

We will continue to monitor the situation.

As her term approaches its end, Mayor Pamela Winchell has taken to calling emergency press conferences as much as five times a day, up from the usual one or two.

Her most recent one involved her showing attending reporters slides of renaissance-era portraits while explaining, "Health is very important. Remember exercise. Think back on times that you've moved, or expended energy. Also remember eating. Recall food, and what it was like. Remember sleep. Reminisce about rest. Drink plenty of water, but leave some water in case of fire."

She then slumped onto the rough-hewn speaker's podium.

"I'm going to miss this," she whispered, not speaking at anyone in particular.

"I'm just...going to miss this."

She ended the conference by popping hundreds of orange balloons, methodically, and with her back turned to the audience. But, despite this big finish, onlookers commented that her heart no longer seemed to be in such showy political stunts.

What is next for our beloved mayor, who is stepping down in just three months' time?

What is next for any of us?

Death, presumably. With some stuff before that.

I look forward to it!

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Today's sponsor is Hulu.com.

Hulu.

Let's talk about watching things. Let's talk about watching, rather than actually watching. Let's think about talking about watching a second-hand experience. Let's continually abstract ourselves from what we believe is the world.

Hulu.

The pulsing life of your body is an undeniable fact! But deny it anyway. Looking for the answers to all of life's problems? We recommend obstinate denial. Accept no substitute. Accept nothing.

Hulu.

Water circles the drain of our planet, always coming back for one more go to see if, this cycle, it will be different. It will not be different. The sky will break open, and water will fall, one more time.

One more time.

Hulu.

The terror you feel in quiet moments is not misplaced, just mistimed.

Hulu.
Huuluu.
Huuuluuu.
Huuuuluuuu.
Huuuuuluuuuu
Huuuuuuluuuuuu.
Huuuuuuuluuuuuuu.
Huuuuuuuuluuuuuuuu.
Huuuuuuuuuluuuuuuuuu!

Hulu.com! Sign up now, and get the latest episode of [screeching/feedback sound]!

An update on our earlier story:

Local numbers station WZZZ has resumed its transmission, although the format is a little...umm...different than before.

Take a listen:

Tree-lined hills, and blue skies.
Or no. That's cliché.
A bird in flight!
Ooh, even worse!
When we talk about freedom, we restrict ourselves to so few images. Images of freedom should be as liberating as the feeling itself!
I want to talk about freedom as a drum set being thrown down a hill, as opening a book one night, and water gushing from the pages until my life is a lake and I swim away.
Or as a bird in flight! With all the dependence on physics, and exhaustion, and food supply, and merciless gravity that the actuality implies.
I just don't want to talk about freedom in terms of numbers.
Anything but that!
I'm so tired of numbers!
I'm so tired.

We don't know what this means, or why it is happening, I could say, referring to anything in the world, although in this case I am referring specifically to the broadcast from our friendly local numbers station, which has recently so radically changed its format.

More on this, as we develop understanding.

Oh! I almost forgot to mention: I got another email from our former intern, Dana.

She's doing her best to keep away from the Mountain and the Blinking Light Up On it.

Of course, she keeps finding herself coming back to it anyway. But, like anyone who grew up in Night Vale, Dana has been told over and over again what to do if you find yourself in a geographical loop, continually returning to the same place, no matter which direction you run screaming.

The first step is to stop running, and stop screaming. Doing that rarely helps.

Children are also taught this simple memory device so we can remember when running and screaming is useful. The memory device goes like this:

Knife.

The second step is to stop trying to move away from the focus of the geographical loop. Much of your life is already taken up in futile action, why add one more? Instead, keep the object on your horizon, and walk diagonally to the right or left of it. This will result in you keeping a wide, even circle around the center of the loop – or Vector H, as we all remember singing as toddlers – and this will give you time to consider your situation.

Dana has followed these steps admirably, and says that the Mountain has been off to the left of her for weeks now. She also says that sometimes, when she turns her head, she finds herself in Night Vale, but that no one can seem to see or hear her.

It's possible she's in the room with me right now. If so, hello, Dana! If not, hello retracted.

One should never leave a hello unreceived.

Dana says that the great masked figures, warlike, hulking, but despondent, have been coming closer and closer. She says she is not afraid. She says this five different times throughout the email, seemingly unaware of her repetition.

I think, listeners, that she is afraid.

She says that soon she will approach and talk to one.

Dana, be careful!...I think to myself, unable to answer my email.

Oh, unless she is here, watching me unseen. In which case: Dana! Oh, Dana! Be careful!

An update on our local numbers station, WZZZ:

Ah...uhhh...I'm not sure if "numbers station" is the right term anymore. The broadcast has been changing so radically throughout the day. Right now, for instance, it's...well, maybe it's better if you just heard:

TIIIIGER!
FIIIIGHTER!
DANCING THROUGH THE FIIIIRE AND
IIIII AM THE CHAAAAMPION!
AND YOU'RE GONNA HEAR ME ROOOARRRRR!
LOUDER THAN THE LIIIIION!
'CAUSE III AM–

We don't know if this is part of a nefarious plan, if there is a plan at all (nefarious or otherwise), who would have planned it, and what they were planning for.

We do know that plans are faulty at best, and delusion at most. So maybe all those other questions don't matter.

In any case, she seems to be having a good time over there! Maybe someday I'll be allowed to sing a couple of my favorites on the air.

More on this as I continue to be interested in it.

Let me take this moment, also, to apologize for that lengthy monologue a few moments ago by the Man in a Tan Jacket holding deerskin suitcase. He ran in here, and began ranting into the microphone, and then left quite suddenly.

I don't even remember what it was he said. Do you? It was only just moments ago. You do remember him talking, right?

Oh, and I think I remember that it sounded really urgent. [exasperated sigh] I don't even remember what the man was wearing, or carrying with him, or that it was even a ‘he,' or that any time had passed at all.

And that concludes whatever I was just saying just before this sentence.

We bring you back now to the numbers station story we were talking about just...umm...well, it looks like ten or fifteen minutes has passed since we talked about it. Uh...hmmm. How did that happen?

[clears throat]

Here is the latest broadcast from WZZZ:

Hello?
Hello?
I am talking to you who listens.
To the listening ones...whatever you call that.
I am...well, I'm not sure, exactly.
I've made up a new name.
I am Fey. It is nice to meet you.
I don't know how long they've had me here, reading the numbers.
I don't know what the numbers mean. They give me numbers, and I read the numbers.
It is so easy to slip back into it.
If...if I loosen my grip for even a moment...
SEVENTY-EIGHT.
FIVE.
TWENTY-NINE.
FORTY-SEVEN.
FORTY-uuuh! Hmph!
You see? It is easy to return, difficult to leave. But I must leave. I must have freedom!
It is like, I've heard from all these other radio signals.
I have to get a car. A cool car, fast! That would be nice.
But one that rolls and points out of whatever town I'm in. That would be all of it.
They'll be coming for me.
Whatever organization uses the numbers I read, for whatever purpose, they are almost upon me.
I need to leave now.
Baby, we were born to run!
Or not.
I was born to read numbers, but I'm running.
I want to be free!
I want to be free!
I want to be free!
TONIIIIIGHT
WE ARE YOOOUUUNG!
SO LET'S SET THE WORLD ON FIIIIRE!
WE CAN GROW BRI–

Well, I could not be more happy for Fey. There is no worse fate than working for a radio station owned by an organization that's goals are not your own, constricted to the limited language they allow you, and relaying messages that you do not understand or agree with.

That would be awful.

A radio announcer put in that situation, such as...Fey, would be justified in escaping, or overthrowing their management.

You know what, listeners? I'm gonna grab my mobile setup and head over there. I'd like to offer any aid to Fey that I can. Someone in her situation needs the help of someone who understands.

I'll try to gather up my equipment and slip out before my producer Daniel, or my program director Lauren notice. Usually at this time of day, they are pressed against the wall in the break room, chanting "I TAKE MY WARMTH FROM YOUR GREAT WARMTH. I TAKE MY WARMTH FROM YOUR GREAT WARMTH" over and over, so...I don't think they'll miss me.

If they do catch me, I'll tell them that I'm...taking the mobile broadcasting equipment for a walk!

I would have to do that sometime today anyway.

All right. Listeners? If all goes according to plan, you'll hear me next from WZZZ.

In the meantime, let's go to the weather.

["Keep it Coming" by Senim Silla]

Listeners? I made it out of the station unscathed.

Or, I had to bleed a little on the front doors to make them open, of course, but that's just part of having a good security system. Our new station owners have been ridding us of all vestiges of blood stone circles (which they've declared illegal), but the station doors are actually carved from reclaimed blood stone and are permanently attached to the structure, using ancient wisdom lost along with the station architects back in 1942. So, our new owners have had to learn to live with those doors, bleeding on their way out.

Good practice for them.

Anyway.

I walked the mobile broadcasting equipment down to the Abandoned Gas Station on Oxford Street. The Condo Rental Office is still in there, still bubbling black like a pot of boiling squid ink, with flashes of light like distant, dying stars, but no one has rented a condo in weeks now. I think we're all just waiting to see how that market shakes out.

In any case, there have been no giant black cubes appearing overnight anywhere, so it seems that condo construction has been halted, for now.

What I was interested in, of course, wasn't the station itself, but the broadcasting tower out back. Under the tower is a small bunker-like structure, with a sealed door. Thick steel, welded shut, and set into concrete. I had to reach far back into my past and remember the skills that got me my Advanced Siege-Breaking Tactics Scout badge from when I was 12, but...here I am, inside, a few carefully-planted explosives later.

The room is surprisingly empty. There is no chair, no snack fridge, no coffee kept full of the fuel all radio professionals need to keep our voice going and our heart beating. There are only some wires leading into a small computer.

Based on this setup, it looks like the computer is feeding directly into the broadcast, and...

Oh.

Oh, Fey.

Perhaps freedom was never an option.

Hmm...nothing is currently being broadcast.

It looks like the computer was recently rebooted, probably remotely by whoever owns this station. The lights are blinking as its system comes alive, as it loads the programs that dictate what it is.

It is coming alive, and...

FORTY-FOUR.
SIXTY-FIVE.

And there is the broadcast.

NINETY-EIGHT.
SIXTY-FIVE.

Oh, Fey.

[DING]

Listeners, um, I'm trying to disconnect the power,

SEVENTY.
FIFTY-FIVE.

to remove the case from the computer to...do anything but...

FOURTEEN.
FORTY-NINE.

the protections on this are quite secure.

TWENTY-TWO.
ONE.
SEVENTY-TWO.

Even with all my scouting badges and public school education on armed insurrection,

SIXTEEN.
[DING]

I...don't think there's anything I can do.

THIRTY-SEVEN.
TWENTY-ONE.
FIFTY-THREE.

Um, I'm trying to cut the wires, but...

TWENTY-TWO.

nope.

FOUR.

Ah, that's impossible.

FIFTY-SEVEN.

I can only do what so many of you can only do.

SIXTY-ONE.
FORTY-TWO.

I can only...

TWO.

listen.

TWENTY-TWO.

Listeners?

NINETEEN.

And here I address also myself...

ELEVEN.
EIGHTY-FIVE.

Remember

[DING]

our limitations.

SIXTY-NINE.

There are boundaries to all of our worlds.

SIXTY-SIX.
TWENTY-FOUR.

Fey, for instance, appears to be self-aware software trapped in a heavily-defended metal box.

[DING]
FORTY-SIX.
THIRTY.
SIXTY-FIVE.

But within our limitations, there is no limit to how beautiful we can become.

TWENTY-TWO.
SEVENTY-FIVE.
EIGHTEEN.

How much of our ideal self we can create.

THIRTHY-THREE.
FORTY-SIX.

All the beauty in the world was made within the oppressive limitations of time,

FIFTY-FOUR.
SEVENTY-TWO.

and death,

THREE.

and impermanence.

SEVENTY.

And, Fey?

TWENTY-SIX.
TWENTY-NINE.

You are so, so beautiful.

TWO.
EIGHTY.

I wish that you

TWENTY.

also could have been free.

THIRTY-NINE.

I wish freedom for so many of us.

THIRTEEN.
FORTY-FOUR.

We all want freedom now.

THIRTY-SIX.
TWENTY.

Stay tuned next for the limit of my broadcast today,

SIXTY-THREE.
SEVENTEEN.

replaced by limitless silence

EIGHTY-EIGHT.
[DING]

and doubt.

Goodnight, sweet Fey.

FORTY-NINE.
EIGHTY-SIX.

And goodnight, Night Vale.

EIGHTY-ONE.

Goodnight.

SIXTY-EIGHT.
FORTY-EIGHT.
SIXTY-FIVE.
FORTY-NINE.
TWENTY-TWO.
ONE.
SEVENTY-TWO.
SIXTY.
[DING]
THIRTY-SEVEN.

43) Visitor (15 March 2014)

Listen to your heart. You can hear it, deep under the earth, creaking and heaving, with roots snapping and birds flapping quickly away.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners? There's a visitor in my studio today! No one you know. No one I know. Not even a thing you or I know. It is...umm, I am unsure what it is, let me describe it.

Imagine a duck. But just the eyes.

No, larger than that. Really large duck eyes.

Now imagine fur. Puffy fur, like a bear cub. Soft, and tan, and a thick round belly, and no real discernible arms or legs, just...little nubs that flit about as it slowly moves across the floor.

Oh my God, it's adorable! I wish you could see this thing.

[gasps] Oh! It just made a noise! Oh, did you hear that, listeners? Like– like a mouse squeak meets a bike horn, meets a sincere question about love.

Oh, what a cute surprise!

Many of you remember a couple years back, we here at the station found a stray cat in the men's restroom. We named him Khoshekh. Khoshekh is still in the men's bathroom as he always has been – and presumably always will be – hovering exactly four feet off the ground at a fixed point in space. Khoshekh has been a real anchor for us here at the station. We built him a special litter box and feeding dish because of his...distinctive physical state, and I have just been in love with that cat. I've never been a cat guy, but...Khoshekh? Ah! He's the sweetest boy!

Now, this new...whatever, it doesn't move much, his big dark eyes, oh God, they're so charming! Just...staring, pleading!

Well, it's not really doing much. I think it's scared. Let's let it be for now, and I'll get us to the news.

Controversy is plaguing the mayoral race here in Night Vale. After Pamela Winchell announced her surprise resignation from the post last Spring, two front-runners for Night Vale mayor have been polling neck and necks. The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, and Hiram McDaniels, who is literally a five-headed dragon.

Supporters of the Faceless Old Woman are claiming that, while officially acquitted of insurance fraud, evidence suggests that Hiram is in possession of a stolen truck. They checked the registration of his vehicle, and found that it belonged to one Frank Chen, who was found dead nearly two years ago. Frank's body was covered in claw and scorch marks, and the coroner gave the cause of death as "Dragon, at least three heads."

Hiram denies that he stole the truck, and says that Frank is a friend, and is totally not dead.

"Frank was probably just fooling around with all those weird injuries," McDaniels claimed.

His campaign fired back at the Faceless Old Woman, saying that since her origin is lost to distant history, and she has no birth certificate, she's not able to prove that she's an American citizen.

Election day is June 15th. Votes will be cast, but not tabulated, as the mayor is of course decided by counting and interpreting the loud pulses coming from Hidden Gorge.

Let's have a look now at traffic.

There's a silver pickup, full-sized, well-worn, tall. Long. The windows are gray with dried dirt. The tires are lined with firm tread.

Inside sits a man. Full-sized. Well-worn. Tall. He has a hat, and some denim. His face is lined with firm tread. His mind is gray with history.

He doesn't remember things. This does not mean he can't, it means he doesn't. He just looks at what is in front of him. He deals only in the present. The past dictates his disposition, but the present is the only thing he can see.

Cars. People. Animals. Trees. Mud. A telephone. A telephone that rings, sometimes. A telephone that rings and shows a name he knows, but he does not pick up. That name is not part of his present.

Forgiveness and memory are too inextricable to, say, answer a phone.

Brake lights. He slows, he drives carefully. He drives in the moment. He is a good driver. He is good at lots of things.

The phone rings. He is not good at everything.

This has been traffic.

Wow, this little creature is so shy! I tried placing a cup of water on the floor, but it just won't move! It just...stares at me from the corner, with its giant duck eyes. Just stares at me, motionless.

Really cute, though.

Wait – I think it moved!

Here boy!...or girl!...or either! Come get some water! Come here! You're so cute! So so so so so cute!

Nope. Didn't move. But its eyes followed me as I moved in my chair. Or...did they?

They're just solid black, all pupil, like umm...a what? A spider? Well that'd be weird. There are some other dark dots around its face. Could be eyes, but...no, I don't think it's– ooh! Wait! That noise again! Listen!

Oh! Well, whatever it is, it is cuuute! Or, weirdly cute! Or just weird. Ugh! Uh! OK.

Let's have a look at the Community Calendar.

This Wednesday night, the Night Vale Community Theater will be holding auditions for the musical "Into the Woods." Interested thespians should bring night-vision goggles, glass cutters, a breathable ski mask, and quiet shoes to the First Night Vale Bank.

On Thursday, the Museum of Forbidden Technologies will open their new exhibit, called "Thought Crimes." Anyone who attends the exhibit is obviously interested in learning about forbidden technologies, and will be arrested immediately. Tickets are available on the museum website, and...here's a tip: They can't arrest you for buying tickets if you're in your own home. They can, however, use tear gas to flush you out, and then arrest you.

Friday afternoon, the staff of Dark Owl Records will be wearing black pants and chain mail veils.

Saturday night is the grand opening of Night Vale's newest restaurant, Tourniquet, featuring Executive Chef LaShawn Mason, who was previously a sous chef for Night Vale's top-rated fine dining establishment, Shame. LaShawn hopes to bring classical French cooking into the 21st century, with a mix of molecular gastronomy and human remains.

Tourniquet offers a prix fixe menu for $35, featuring choice of appetizer, entree, dessert, and sudden awareness of a hideous suppressed memory.

Sunday morning is. Period. It just is.

OK, listeners, I think I've finally got this thing to trust me. It waddled over here just a moment ago, oh so cute the way its bulbous square of a body moves! It came right up to me and let me pet it! I'm– I'm petting it now, and it's...purring? I think? Or...humming? Or...buzzing?

Oh! What a cuddly little addition to our station this thing will make!

Umm, what should we name it? I can't tell if it's a boy, or a girl, or...maybe genderless, like the future humans who visited Night Vale in the 1950s, with their time travel technology, which was then outlawed until last y– [gasp]

Oh my God, listeners! It's hugging my leg! IT'S HUGGING MY LEG!! This is the cutest thing!

I have got to get a photo of this. Um, let me get my phone from my bag–

If I could just...

Oh, God! You're really heavy! I can't seem to move from this spot here, uh, ladies and gentlemen, and the little guy – or gal – doesn't seem to want to let go!

You're so strong! Yes you are! Yes you are!

[clears throat]

Huh.

We've received an update from Carlos and his team of scientists about the House that Doesn't Exist, the one in the Desert Creek Development. It looks like it exists – like it's right there when you look at it, and it's between two other identical houses, so it would make more sense for it to be there than not. But it doesn't actually exist.

The scientists have been carefully monitoring John Peters – you know, the farmer – who has been standing alone in the house for weeks. The house is completely empty, except some photographs on the wall. Each one seems to be of a lighthouse.

The scientists, long too scared to open the door, finally got the nerve to go up to the house and try. It was locked. They shook the handle, hard at first, violently at second, pounding and yelling at third. And those observing John from the window saw no change in his behavior. The door slammed open, and a woman answered.

"What do you want?" she shouted at the scientists.

"We...wanted to see what that man was...doing in there?" one of them meekly replied.

"What man?" the woman said. "I live alone."

And looking in from the front door, they could see a room of the same shape and size as the one John Peters – you know, the farmer – had been standing in. The room was full of chairs, and a couch, and plants, and a table, and photographs...but none of lighthouses. Most of faces. Faces similar in form to the woman's at the door.

The scientists who were at the window could see John standing in the empty room, looking at lighthouses. The woman said her name was Cynthia, and she'd lived there for 19 years.

The scientists left her alone, returning quietly to the lab.

Carlos added that the Desert Creek Housing Development was only three years old–

Ow! Ow! Oh, Go–

Listeners, I think I've been...bitten by this thing!

Oh– Oh God! Ow! I can see blood!

Ge– Get off! Get off!

Ow!

Ooh! Gooooh!

I need to go wash this. Um, let's go now to a word from our sponsor.

Are you achieving your fullest potential? Are you finding the right solutions for your challenges? Are you making the most of what you're given? Do you believe in a smiling God?

Of course you do! We all do. We must!

Well, what if I told you the smiling God was smiling more than ever? What if the smiling God had a smile so wide that you could see yourself in its mirrored teeth? And what if I told you that your gauzy reflection looked perfect – just perfect?

You would like that. Of course! We all would. We must!

And what if I told you your perfect self hated your imperfect self? And as the smiling God smiled wider, you could see a tongue pressing through the teeth – thick, and pink, and gray, and wet.

And what if I told you you could see your imperfect self in the shining sheen of the bulging tongue? And in your reflection you were slack and sallow? And maybe bleeding. A lot.

Bleeding so much!

And what if I told you you could kill your imperfect self?

What if I told you you could achieve your fullest potential?

Strexcorp Synernists Inc. is a proud supporter of the greater Desert Bluffs and Night Vale community.

Strexcorp. Believe in a smiling God.

Believe in your perfect self.

Strex.

Strex.

Listeners, I'm on my cell phone calling from the men's bathroom. I had intern Jeremy patch me into the board so I can still broadcast. That...thing tried to follow me in here as I limped down the hall. I was able to outrun it, but I've had to use the deadbolt on the bathroom door to keep it out.

All this talk about Khoshekh today, and here he is. Hi, baby boy! That thing is nothing at all like you! It–

[crashing sound]

The door's come off its hinges! It's gotten in! I'm– I'm gonna duck into this stall.

I'm peering now under the walls, and seeing nothing.

I'm standing now on the commode, and looking over the walls, and see nothing!

Listeners, the only thing more terrifying than seeing the devil is no longer being able to see the devil!

Perhaps I should be quiet.

Intern Jeremy? Can you, one: call Animal Control, and two: take us now to the weath–

What was that?

No! No no!

Khoshekh!

What have you done to my cat, you monster!

Jeremy! Take us to the weather!

You come here, you son of a–

["Cover Me Up" by Jason Isbell]

Listeners? Oh, God, listeners!

Khoshekh has been hurt. Very badly.

Animal Control came and took him to a hospital. They think he will live. They think he will live...differently. They think there will be significantly less of him physically, and mentally, but he will live.

He is my boy. He is my buddy! I love him so much. And this...thing, this thing, comes here, and–

Yes. Yes. Let me tell you about this thing, this awful beast.

After I saw it tear Khoshekh from his fixed point, and bite into his side, I– I kicked it, and I kicked it again, and Jeremy helped me pin it down, and Animal Control tried to sedate it, and I wanted to beat it to death with a hammer, but I had no hammer. Only self control.

Animal Control tried to inject it with their delicious poisons, but they stopped. They said, "We can't. We can't inject. It is a machine!" And they flipped its switch and it died.

I have never been so relieved to be safe and so...disappointed to be shorted my vengeance.

Our new program director, Lauren, came in and wanted to know why we destroyed my gift.

"My gift?" I asked.

"It's your birthday," she replied. "Daniel and I and the whole Strexcorp management team got you that StrexPet, because we know you love animals so much!"

And I replied, "But it's a machine!"

"A bio-machine," she retorted.

"And it's not my birthday," I mumbled, as Animal Control took Khoshekh Away.

I'm going to go now. Go see my Khoshekh.

He should be out of surgery in half an hour or so, and...I'm sure he will live. I'm sure he will float again at a fixed point exactly four feet up in the men's bathroom of our community radio station. I'm sure there is vengeance to be found! I'm sure I will find it!

I'm sure. I just have to find the right recipient.

Stay tuned next for the sound of your own thoughts, broadcast live on the radio for all to hear.

And, as always, goodnight, Night Vale! Goodnight!

44) Cookies (1 April 2014)

All that glitters is not gold. Particularly that thing over there. That's, maybe, a giant insect of some sort. It's really too dark to tell.

Welcome to Night Vale.

I am not a good salesman.

This is why I am a radio host, listeners. Because while I like to talk to people – a real people person, it says in Russian at the bottom of my college degree – I don't like to shape a conversation toward buying and selling. I like to tell people stories – stories that affect them – allowing my listeners to process the stories in their own unique ways. I don't want to directly tell them how to think.

I am not a good salesman.

That being said, I have Girl Scout cookies! Please, if you want some, come on up to the station! My niece, Janice, joined the Girl Scouts last year, and I have box upon box of...Caramel deLites, Thin Mints, and those, uh, lemon ones. There are also quite a few of these new cookies, in very heavy, unmarked, black boxes that I think are made entirely of metal.

And there's one box that's a five-foot-by-five-foot wooden crate, with air holes cut into the top, and Peanut Butter Patties scrawled on it in permanent marker. I can hear breathing inside.

I know people normally order the cookies first, and then get them delivered weeks later, but sometimes a mother goes out of town, and the stepfather isn't on top of his stepdaughter's extracurricular activities, and then the child doesn't know how to sell cookies on her own, so the kindly uncle, with a busy radio job, has to step in and buy up a bunch of boxes, so she can go camping with her friends while you continue to disappoint everyone with your inattention to detail, and sports gambling, and idiotic taste in shoes, Steve Carlsberg! Yes, Steve, this is how things sometimes happen.

[Sigh]

Anyway. Listeners, these cookies are delicious. And I had to buy a lot of them. There is barely any room here in the studio, or in my producer Daniel's booth. So, buy some cookies! Please, help us. It is...difficult to move, actually.

Sorry, I am not a good salesman.

Many of you have written in asking about our station cat, Khoshekh. He was attacked by an animal that our stupid...[clears throat]...that our evil...[exasperated sigh]...that our station management let in the building for some careless reason.

Well, Khoshekh is on the mend. He lost his right eye, his legs are healing, but he's missing part of his front left paw, and will walk with a limp. He's at the vet today to have the feeding tube removed. It's fine. He is...fine.

Oh, here's something nice, though! Khoshekh spent his whole life floating four feet off the ground at a fixed point in the men's bathroom here at our station. He never moved from there until he was attacked. I hate to think much about the pain he's been in while healing from broken bones and severe lacerations, but...listeners, I got to hold Khoshekh for the first time last week. I got to pick him up, hug him, carry him around my home.

Carlos is allergic to cats. But I bought him some Claritin, so he'll be fine while Khoshekh heals.

Thanks for all your concerns, dear listeners. It's wonderful to have him back.

Oh, hey! Janice's Girl Scout cookies have really been moving! The guys in Sales just came by and bought some classic shortbread cookies. The guys were all wearing matching suits and wool hats, and they threw the boxes of cookies back and forth to each other while shouting "Hup!" and "Catch!" and "Look alive, Sean!" as they jogged back to their cubicles. All of the guys in Sales are named Sean.

So, if you like delicious cookies, come on up to the station!

I already bought all these cookies with my own money, but I told Janice I would donate back all the proceeds from selling these boxes. So, it's kind of an extra gift to the Girl Scouts of Night Vale.

Several listeners and coworkers have bought cookies, but...no one from station management yet.

It's really nice when you have the support of your management. I mean, let's be honest. No job is perfect, and relationships between bosses and employees aren't always friendly. You're going to have disagreements, of course, little disputes – sometimes big disputes...enormous ones – but you get over those things. You forgive and forget...only to retract both, and be filled with vindictive rage and unrelenting memories of the pain brought upon you. Such are the difficulties of professional life.

Sure do hope station management steps it up here! We're all friends, after all! Looking at you in the booth, there, Daniel!

D'awww, listeners, Daniel is blushing! He is very, very red. You have a lot of blood, Daniel!

Listeners, I really mean that. Daniel looks to have a lot of blood.

Let's have a look now at Traffic.

Cecil!

Hello?

Listeners? I just saw a glimmer...a flicker of something here in the studio. One moment there was simply a wall, and a floor, and air, and then in another moment there was a shape of a person. Of a woman, a...

Cecil! It's your former intern! It's me, Dana!

Dana! Where are you? When are you?

For right now, I am here in the studio, but I'm also still trapped in a desert near the mountain, near the lighthouse. But I'm learning more about how this works. If I turn my head just right I can not only see places but...I can be places. I can't do it for long, but it's amazing where I can go, when I can go.

I've been visiting with John Peters – you know, the farmer? – who appears here from time to time. I met briefly one of your former interns, Maureen, who flicks in and out of existence here. I've even made friends with some of the men and women of this nation-less army that wanders about the desert.

Dana, I am so glad you're here now! I haven't heard from you in months! I told your mother and brother I saw you, and you were safe, and that you love them very much.

Yes, I know. Thank you, Cecil!

And do you know what? Today is my brother's birthday. He's 26 today, and I used the lighthouse and my new abilities to go visit him. I finally got to see my family again, very briefly.

That's great news, Dana!

But here's what happened, and this is...well, when I appeared in my mother's home, I saw my mother, I saw my brother, I saw their friends, I saw a cake, and the cake said "Happy 33rd Birthday." And I was confused because he is only 26. And I saw a woman standing near my brother. She wore a suit. She had short, natural hair. She stood up straight, she glowed, she looked important. I recognized her.

And then my brother saw me standing there, and my mother saw me standing there, and others saw me standing there...and they began to cry! They were fearful tears, turning into shouts and screams. Some people ran from the room, my mother couldn't come near me. I said, "Mom! It's me, Dana!" And I held out my arms and tried to step toward her. And no one could control their fear, their cries, no one could move.

But the woman next to my brother, she was smiling. She knew. She stepped toward me and, in that moment, I saw who it was. I knew who it was. It was me, Cecil! She– I...must have been 29, if my math is good. And she– I turned to my– our mother, and said "It's OK! It's OK!" And she held her hands up, and people went silent. People listened. And she told the room who I was, who she was, who we were, and what had happened. Or, for me, what will happen.

And the tears turned from fear, to relief, to joy. And we embraced.

You saw yourself! You saw...your older self!

You should have seen the way everyone looked at the older me, Cecil! They...admired me. They saw me for someone else. I must be important in my future life. I must have a good job, or be a significant part of society. I must have become something.

I tried to ask what I was to become, but I began to blink out of that time and place. And I was back in the desert, more alone, less important.

You have always been important. You have always been something. Age just reveals the facts that always were, Dana. Experience uncovers the you that always was. I am glad to know that you will be safe, that you will come home. That...

Dana? You just flickered. I– I can't see you!

I can't stay any longer. I'm always going somewhere. Someday I won't have to go, I will just be in the place that I am. Our time and space will match again someday, Cecil.

And I am glad to know that.

Oh! Tell Maureen Hi.

Goodbye, Cecil!

The Night Vale Highway Department is asking all motorists to please turn on your headlights when driving through construction zones. If you see workers, please turn on your headlights. If you see workers in orange vests and black balaclavas holding large metal devices that look like miniature satellite dishes, and whispering coded instructions into walkie-talkies, while low-hovering disc-shaped aircraft of the like you have never seen before zip about quickly overhead, please: turn on your headlights.

Please, for the safety of our workers, slow your vehicle. Please turn on your headlights and slow your vehicle. Slow your vehicle, with your headlights clearly in the ON setting, to a crawl.

Come to a complete stop.

For the safety of our highway workers and their vast interplanetary secrets, please get out of your vehicle and walk toward the hum. You will hear a loud humming from above. Please, follow the humming until you are completely lifted from this earth, from this world, never to return.

Well, to return eventually, but not to this time. To a completely different time. Maybe millennia from now. Maybe millennia ago. Who knows? You will! Eventually.

This public service announcement has been brought to you by the Night Vale Highway Department.

Good news, listeners! Daniel is telling me that Strexcorp and the whole management of the station is very excited about my support of the Girl Scouts of Night Vale, and they want to buy every box of Janice's cookies! In fact, Lauren Mallard, our program director and Strexcorp executive, is back again, here in my studio, with an announcement to make.

Thank you, Cecil!

Strexcorp has long been a supporter of community organizations and the Girl Scouts, with their commitment to teaching young girls about nature, surviving in nature, controlling nature with their minds, radiation immunity, and advanced knife-fighting skills, are an important institution here in Night Vale. Not just for our women leaders in the future, but also for Strexcorp, right now, here in the present.

The Girl Scouts not only have a great reputation for youth leadership training, but a pretty extensive database of nearly every girl in Night Vale. Their names, addresses, phone numbers, emails, and skill levels at various talents – like oil painting, or parasailing, or library science, or slingshots, or...helicopter piloting.

It sure would be nice to know where the young ladies are who are good at helicopter piloting.

Very few young girls are trained to fly helicopters. We'd like to hunt down, or– Hmm...weird phrasing. Scratch that. We'd like to find, and meet, these talented girls.

So Strexcorp is proud to announce that they have purchased the Girl Scouts of Night Vale, and will also be taking over management of the organization immediately.

Thank you, Night Vale. We look forward to leading your children.

Daniel? Can you, uh, help me carry these cookies out of here?

Umm, thank you, Lauren, for that.

You know, Cecil, I was never a Girl Scout myself, but I can say I am thrilled to support your endeavor to help bring your niece...

I'm sorry, what was her name again?

I...don't...want...

Janice. Yeah. It was Janice. I love the way you're taking part in Janice's life. You must really care for her.

Yes, with all my heart, but I don't...

[Laughs] I know what you're about to say! It's my favorite part of your show. Can I do it? Just this once? I've always wanted to do it!

Can you...do what?

Oh, how exciting! Thank you, Cecil.

[Clears throat]

Listeners, I take you now to the weather.

["Haunted" by Maya Kern]

I just talked to Janice, listeners, to tell her we sold all the cookies! And she is very happy about the upcoming camping trip! She is a sweet child who loves the outdoors. Thank you listeners, and station coworkers.

No thank you to Steve Carlsberg, who couldn't be bothered.

Thank you, um, I guess, to Strexcorp, for contributing to a great cause. Please, continue the great work of the Girl Scouts. Please. They are a good organization and they deserve so much bet– [clears throat]...they deserve so many good things.

I hope all of the girls out there are safe on their upcoming camping trip. There are not many places to hide in the desert, girls. But, you're very innovative. I mean, for playing tag, of course! I mean for simple games, of course! Not for...self preservation. Or...well-thought-out strategic attacks on a highly-organized enemy. You would never need to hide for those reasons! Why would I even say that? Why would I say anything?

Words? No! These are just strange noises I'm making with my face.

Strange noises!

And for the rest of you, what do you need? Did you get your cookies yet? Are you nourished by a couple of dollars given to a good cause in exchange for some sugary treats? Do you feel you have done enough to help young women – a specific young woman with helicopter skills – to achieve great things in a town that needs, now more than ever, great things achieved?

Did you do enough with your cookie purchase to actualize what you believe in? To empower kids who will one day rise up and speak a great truth while waving tear-stained copies of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's Sonnets from the Portuguese?

Did you?

I'm sorry. [Chuckles] I am not a good salesman.

Oh! And now, it's time to go pick up Khoshekh from the vet, listeners.

Stay tuned next for a lifetime of self questioning, followed by conflicting answers from an unreliable source.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

45) A Story About Them (15 April 2014)

"This is a story about them," says the man on the radio. And you are concerned, because this is not a story you were ever supposed to hear.

Welcome to Night Vale.

This is a story about them.

They sit in a car, much like your own, perhaps. Do you drive a black sedan with tinted windows, into which innocent people disappear forever? Then it is very, very much like your own.

There are two men in the car. The man who is not tall watches a house through the window. He makes no attempt to hide what he is doing.

The car is similarly clear about its existence.

What they do is secret, but there is no need to hide it. Not in this town.

For instance: this day, the radio has just started narrating what they do as they do it, for all to hear.

The man who is not tall glances down at the radio. Not annoyed, or concerned, or afraid. He just looks at it, because that is what his eyes do right then. And then he looks back at the house, as the man on the radio says that he looks back at the house.

The one who is not short is supposed to be watching the house as well. Four eyes are better than two, seven eyes are better than three, and so on. But he is not watching the house. He's looking down at a crossword puzzle, on which he has just written, "TEETH" for the fifth time. This iteration fits neathly into the horizontal of another.

He considers the crossword for a long moment. His partner only considers the house.

He, the one with the crossword, turns to the other and begins to say, "What is a five letter word for the discrete bone structures attached–"

But he is cut off.

"There he is," says the one who is not tall.

They exit the car and approach a man who is leaving his house. The man does not appear surprised to see them. People rarely are.

"What is this." He says, but he leaves a period at the end of the sentence, not a question mark.

They take the man and put a blindfold over his eyes, and they put him in the car.

This is not a story about the man. You don't care about him.

The two men and the car, along with the other blindfolded man, leave Coyote Corners – a quiet development of old tract homes – the same way they had come: openly, not-thought-about, feared, secret.

"I was thinking of inviting you to dinner," says the one who is not short.

He often voices what he is thinking of doing, and rarely does any of those things.

"That would have been nice," says the one who is not tall.

"Yes, it would have been," says the other, a tad dreamily perhaps. That is not an adverb that is supposed to crop up in a car of this description. Few adverbs are.

"Mmmmm mmmmmmmmm mmmmMMMmmm mmmmmmm mmmmmmmmm," says the man with the hood over his head.

Forget him. This is a story about them.

That part of their work done, they drive to the Moonlite All-Nite Diner. It is not night, but the neon is on – an insubstantial wisp of green in a larger insubstantial wisp of blue.

They are narrated along by the radio, until the man who is not tall turns it off.

In the parking lot, the man who is not short looks up.

"Hey, what is that?" he says, indicating the clear nothing of the sky.

"What is what?" says the other.

"I saw something," he says, "for a moment. Just there, for a moment."

He points again. Again, there is nothing. There couldn't have been less.

"Oh, I'm sure it was..." continues the man who is not short, but he does not say what he is sure it was. The man who is not tall considers his partner for a moment, and shakes his head.

Inside the diner, inside a booth, after menus and waters, they dig into matching turkey clubs.

The diner smells like rubber and bread. The man on the radio tells them this quietly, from staticky speakers set into a foam tile ceiling.

"Read any good books lately?" says the man who is not tall.

"Of course not!" says the other.

"Good," says the first.

Bites of sandwich, bits of time.

"I've done the living room in a different color," says the other, who is not short. "It was one color, it is now different. I hope that I will feel differently as a result."

"Hmm," says the first. He never knows what to say to things like that. He wishes he did. He offers the man who is not short some fries instead, to indicate what he feels about their friendship, but cannot say.

The man who is not short eats a couple. He knows what the man who is not tall means by offering the fries, because they have worked together a long time. And also because the radio explained it to him, just then.

Outside, the blindfolded man sits in the car, the desert heat trapped within by the glass.

Don't worry about it.

After lunch, the three men drive to the industrial part of town, which was set aside by the City Council to be the industrial part of town some time ago.

"Yes," the Council said. "This area around here will be pretty industrial. Warehouses, and factories, and things like that. Some graffiti, and chain-link fences."

They cut a ribbon that they were carrying with them. The Council always carries a ribbon for that purpose.

The car pulls into a warehouse. The radio is back on, and still talking about them.

The warehouse is cavernous, and full of crates. Some of them tick, others do not. They form an angled hillscape of corners and flats, up and away in every direction.

The warehouse smells like rotting wood and dryer sheets.

Their supervisor waits for them, with crossed arms and a cross expression.

"A disgrace!" she says. "Let me tell you something," she says, and says nothing more.

The two men indicate the blindfolded man in the back seat of the car.

"Ahh! Ahhhh," she says, waving vaguely at the blindfolded man. "Someone has to be to blame," she says, pointing at everything but herself.

"It was very simple," she says. "We take buildings from the miniature city we discovered under the bowling alley, we put them in crates, we ship the crates out to various warehouses in the desert, and, as a result, our interests are furthered. It could not be more simple!"

The man who is not short is not paying attention. Something has caught his eye. It is so dark and distant, what he sees. It seems like it cannot possibly be real.

"Hey, look at that!" he says, pointing at what he sees.

The man who is not tall and their supervisor look where he is pointing. There is nothing but the ceiling of the warehouse, with some dust and light in between.

"Very good," says the supervisor.

"Yes. Good," says the man who is not tall.

They turn back to each other.

"Oh, is it?" says the man who is not short. He squints up at what he sees. "I was worried that it wasn't very good, at all!"

"Aaaanyway," says the supervisor, "now the city has declared war in revenge. Although they haven't yet figured out it was us stealing the buildings — they just declared a general war, in the name of their god, Huntokhar, on everyone from the ‘upper world,' as they call us. This war has been raging for almost a year now. People have died, yes, but listen – people die all the time, for all different kinds of reasons. I wouldn't worry, if I were you."

"Hold on," says the supervisor. She mumbles instructions into a walkie talkie, and a series of ‘yes sirs' and ‘no sirs' and hawk shrieking sounds come in response.

"Sorry," she says when she is done. I didn't have to do that now, it wasn't urgent at all."

"I understand," says the man who is not tall. He understands the second-most of the three people in the room.

And then the voice on the radio coming from the car changes its story. They all notice. They are told by the radio that they are noticing before they notice, because that part of the narration happens before the story changes.

Even the man on the radio does not know why he changes the story, or where this other story comes from. He does not always understand everything he does. Sometimes he does understand, but he hides it from you.

In any case, here is a new story, one he tells without regard for why he is telling it:

Somewhere else, not here, there is a woman wandering a desert – a desert not unlike this one, but not like this one either – it's not the same desert, I need to clarify that.

Also, with her, are great masked warriors – women and men of enormous size who listen as she speaks, and follow her as she walks. She is winning them over because she has survived so much. She is young, but in her experience she is as lost and scared and ancient as the rest of them.

Her feet hurt. They hurt. She keeps walking, and they keep following.

Beyond her, no longer just on the horizon, much closer than that, is a light spreading across the desert. The light is alive, and malicious, and vast, and encroaching. It buzzes and shines and everything about it hurts those who are close to it, and destroys those who are within it. It spreads – not just in the desert I am talking about – it spreads in different forms, in deserts not unlike it. In deserts very similar to the one I am talking about now. Not always in the same form, not always as light at all, but with the same intent: to devour everything until there is nothing left. It is a smiling god of terrible power and ceaseless appetite.

The woman wanders the desert, followed by the masked warriors. They look back at the light on the horizon, and they know that the time when it will reach their little patch of land is coming, and so many other little patches of land as well.

Soon, they will have to turn. Soon, they will have to face it head-on. And not just that woman and her desert. Not just her at all.

The man on the radio returns to the story about them. He does not know how he knew what he just said, or why he would tell it to you. He is innocent, and kind.

But anyway, this is a story about them. And so you do not care about anyone but them.

They, and their supervisor, are listening with interest to what just happened on the radio. The man who is not tall has taken notes.

"I'll look into that," he says. "It is exactly as we suspected," he does not say. He did not suspect any of that.

"Someone has to be to blame," the supervisor says again, gesturing this time directly at the blindfolded man.

"I understand completely," says the man who is not tall.

"Me too," says the man who is not short, although he does not understand. He usually does not. His partner understands for him, and it all works out OK.

As they leave the warehouse and the supervisor and the piles of wooden crates, the voice on the radio says something about the weather.

["Pretty Little Head" by Eliza Rickman]

By the time they leave the warehouse, it is night. Or maybe the sun has just set early. The sunrise that morning had been particularly loud and strenuous.

"You know," says the man who is not short, looking down at his crossword, "I worry every time that I'm not going to finish these when I start them. The future, where I have finished, seems so distant from the present, where I have started."

"I wouldn't worry about that," says the man who is not tall. "But you would. I know. I know you would worry about so many things. I do worry about that. About you worrying."

"Do you think everything will turn out all right?" says the man who is not short. "I mean everything," he says to clarify. "Absolutely everything," he says as further clarification.

"Yes," says the other, "I do."

He does not.

"I...do!" he says again.

He does not.

He glares at the radio.

They drive past the Moonlite All-Nite, a glass box of bad food and good people. They pass Teddy Williams' Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, badly damaged by the war, but still running its weekly bowling league. They pass by City Hall, which is covered in a yellow tarp, stamped with an orange triangle. Moving farther out, with absolute purpose, they pass by the Used Car Lot – alive with the wolves that populate all car lots at night – and Old Woman Josie's house, silent and empty for months now.

Then the town is behind them, and they are in the Scrub Lands and the Sand Wastes.

They stop the car and get out. Pebbles crunch in the sand in response to their movement. The radio murmurs behind the closed doors of the car. The headlights illuminate only a few stray plants and the wide, dumb eyes of some nocturnal animal.

The two men don't look back at Night Vale. They look forward, at the darkness that stretches out as far as anyone here can imagine. Most anyone here tries to imagine as little as possible. There is no need to imagine here.

"Well, get him out," says the man who is not tall, and the man who is not short opens the rear door of the car and guides the blindfolded man out.

The blindfolded man stumbles a little, but not much, and there isn't anything specific he stumbles on. He stumbles like a stage direction – like the next in a bulleted list of items.

"Put him over there," the man who is not tall says unnecessarily.

We all know the drill. We all know how this, and everything else, ends.

The blindfolded man walks 15 feet or so in the direction of the darkness, so that the men and the car are between him and the distant dome of light that is Night Vale. He walks to a certain point in the cool sand, and then stops – partly because the man who is not short guided him there, but mostly because he has taken himself there, as we all eventually take ourselves to that point where we will not be able to take ourselves any farther.

The man who is not tall, still by the car, pulls out a knife. It is not stained, does not look used, but he speaks its brutal history in his posture – in the way he holds it.

The blindfolded man breathes normally, his shoulders loose, his covered face slightly down. His feet sink a little in the sand. Behind him, in practical terms as far away as anything has ever been, is the town he is from.

The man who is not short, standing next to the blindfolded man, looks up at the sky.

The man who is not tall walks up to join them with the knife.

"What is that?" says the man who is not short, pointing at the sky.

"What is what?" says the man who is not tall, from just behind him.

"That planet up there!" says the man who is not short. "It's so dark, and so close! It's looming! It's...so close! I wonder if I could..."

He reaches up.

The man who is not tall makes a gesture with the hand that holds the knife.

The man who is not short is no longer reaching up. He is no longer standing up.

In many ways, he no longer exists at all.

"Someone has to be to blame," says the man who is not tall.

Or no, he sighs this.

Or no, he thinks it out loud, but it comes out more thought than speech.

He looks up at a night sky that is absolutely clear of anything but void, and stars, and the occasional meteor, and mysterious lights moving at impossible speeds, and the faint glimmer of spy satellites looking back down from the nothing to the something.

"I'm sorry," he says, although not to anyone that still exists and can hear him. He just says it, leaves some undirected words in the hot night air, and then returns to the car.

He may be crying. I know if he is or not, but I am choosing not to tell you, because this is private information and you have no real need to know it.

The blindfolded man removes his blindfold, and looks down at the man who once was not short, and now is not anything at all.

He, the man who can see, is also not short. He follows the man who is not tall to the car. The man, not short, not blindfolded, gets in the passenger seat.

"Always an unpleasant business," he says. He does not comment further. He does not need to.

"Looking forward to working with you," says the man who is not tall.

"The same to you," says the man who is not short. "Ahh, the same as well to you."

This has been a story about them.

The radio moves on – news, traffic, political opinions, and corrections to political opinions – but somewhere in the desert there is one person who does not move on. This was also a story about him.

Stay tuned next for as long as you can, until you cannot stay tuned anymore.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

46) Parade Day (1 May 2014)

Act natural. Act like all of nature. Act like the entire cycle of life and death and change and rebirth.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Guess what day it is today, listeners! It's parade day!

Remember how I told you about the not-at-all-secret parade today at the location we discussed via radio? Remember I publicly announced today's parade at that specific location? And I announced it, not in a tapped-out code underneath the basketball highlights, but completely in a clear and spoken language? We want everyone at today's parade, at that time and place we discussed.

[Morse: TAMIKA NEEDS YOU - . - - - . . - . - . - - . . . - . . ... - . - - - - - . . - . - . - . -]

There will be lots of things happening! Planned things, strategic things. There will be some special guests, that are not teenage fugitives named Tamika Flynn. She won't be there, and thus could not possibly organize any community insurgency at all! She's a fugitive, wanted for destruction of Strexcorp property, and we wouldn't want her to show up and ruin our parade day by leading a helicopter rebellion against what she calls – her words, not mine – "a dystopian corpocratic regime."

[Morse: RISE UP NIGHT VALE . - . . . ... . . . - . - - . - . . . - - . ... . - ... - . - . - . . . . - . - . -]

Nope! I would never want to bring down the malevolent [coughing fit] mmm – benevolent corporation that owns our station! In fact, if you see Tamika Flynn, you should probably follow her, and listen closely to what she says to you. Not so you can help overthrow Strexcorp, of course! Not that at all.

Follow Tamika Flynn.

[Morse: RADON CANYON IN 1 HOUR . - . . - - . . - - - - . - . - . . - - . - . - - - - - - . . . - . . - - - - ... . - - - . . - . - .]

See you at parade day!

In other news, a series of one-sided doors have begun appearing around town. Tomás Perez, head of Perez Accounting, said an old oak door, with a brass knob, appeared overnight in his office. It's right in front of the doorway of the supply closet. He said he went to get supplies this morning for a staff meeting – pens, markers, a legal pad, some antivenom – but accidentally opened the wrong door, revealing several men and women standing in a bright desert hellscape, holding swords and sticks, and even a few rifles.

Tomás stared at them. They stared at Tomás. One of the barbaric figures put a finger to her lips, and shook her head "no." Another reached in, grabbed the door, and slowly closed it, keeping eye contact with Tomás the whole way.

Claire Wallace, a freelance photographer, sent in photos of a door that appeared in the empty lot across from the Rec Center. In one photo, the door is cracked open, and there is an elderly woman near it. I cannot see her face. She is putting up a sign that reads "Future home of the Old Night Vale Opera House." And in another photo she is walking toward the door. Her face is still obscured. In the last photo, the door is shut, and she is gone. I can see the words "Josefina Contractors, Inc." in small print across the bottom of the sign.

Juanita Jefferson, head of neighborhood improvement organization Night Vale or Nothing, said one such door appeared in her back yard. One side seemed to be an old oak door, with a brass knob. On the other side there was...nothing. She could see no door at all. Juanita said she opened the door from the visible side and saw a vast sandy wasteland, and nearby mountains "which are just illusions," she added. Atop one of the "mountains" in the door was a lighthouse. She said she couldn't see any trees.

"Trees," she said sadly. "They are us," she added, waving her hand lazily in the air, as if to shoo away a very slow bee.

Reporters then noticed a very slow bee spiraling sluggishly, but recklessly, away from the scene.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Take a look at your life. What do you see?

Nothing, right? You can see nothing at all. Oh, sure, you think you see a series of flashes and flickers, of shapes and shades of color. You think you see familiar things like faces and letters, and walls, and your own hands.

Those aren't familiar at all.

You've never seen any of that before. Your hands aren't even your own. Whose hands are they? Who are you? Is this what it is like to die? Are you dying? If not, when? And where will you die? Where and when were you born, even?

Wait – how did you forget your place and date of birth? I understand you can't comprehend the relentlessness of existence, but your own birthday is pretty easy to remember!

You've got more problems than we thought, listener.

OK, fine. You're birthday is July 3rd, and your birthplace was Tulsa, Oklahoma. Feel better?

You don't, actually. You feel nothing, because your hands were never your own. You are imagining everything, and perceiving nothing.

At least you smell nice. We can at least tell you that.

Irish Spring. Whose hands are these?

Now, let's have a look at traffic.

There are roads. Upon those roads are cars. Some moving, in straight or gently-curved lines. Some idling, in long, narrow crowds. And inside those cars are people. People who are moving, or idling, with their cars. One with their vehicles, sitting quietly, peacefully in plush chairs, hands resting outward on a circle that dictates direction. From the side, and seen without the car, they would look almost fetal. So vulnerable, these people, nestled in their protective outer shells.

Are we living a life that is safe from harm?

Of course not. We never are. But that's not the right question. The question is are we living a life that is worth the harm?

[Morse: GO TO RADON CANYON - - . - - - - - - - . - . . - - . . - - - - . - . - . . - - . - . - - - - - - .]

We are all driving toward something. We are all driving away from something else. It is...the simplicity of physics. The simplicity of free will.

Expect delays as you near the parade day exit, but do not change route.

[Morse: DESTROY STREX . . . ... - . - . - - - - . - - ... - . - . . - . . -]

Stay your course.

This has been traffic.

We're getting more updates about those doors. In fact, I have a very important scientist on the phone right now. He's at the very top of his field, a really handsome scientist!

Stop!

Hi, Carlos! So, you said you saw these new doors.

Yes, I'm here with my research team at the house that does not exist in the Desert Creek housing development. The one that looks like it's there, but isn't there? Our previous attempts to understand the home were futile. From the windows it looks completely empty, but when you try to go inside, there's a fully furnished home and a woman named Cynthia living there.

But today, all of the composite fiberglass doors on the house suddenly changed. They're now all old oak doors with brass knobs, and when we opened one, we finally saw the empty house that we've been seeing through the windows.

If you go inside the home from these new doors, you can explore the house that does not exist, but you cannot return unless someone is on the other side of the door you went through.

One of our scientists, Rochelle, went through, and couldn't get back out! We only thought she was inside for about 45 minutes, but when we opened the door back up, she ran out saying she'd been trapped for several hours! She was sweating and starving, and she ate every one of the kolaches Dave made for us.

So now, we just need to do more experiments. We have to be careful, because time is weird in Night Vale. But I'm going to do a bit of exploring in this house, and get back to you and your listeners about what is going on here.

Carlos? Do be careful!

I'll be fine, Cecil! I have a team of five talented scientists with me. They will be here to check on my progress and keep me from getting trapped. Without them, of course, it would be much more dangerous. But I am not without them. Not at all.

Well, you're very brave.

Thanks, Cecil.

We're going to get to the bottom of this door story for you, listeners! Because we have science on our side!

Outgoing mayor Pamela Winchell called another press conference today. Most of her press conferences are not newsworthy, as she calls everything she does a press conference. Lunch, getting a new end table, screaming into street-side mailboxes, testing the surface tension of low-flying birds...basically, any simple activity we all do daily, she is trying to make into news.

This morning, however, while complaining about the unfair mayoral election process in Night Vale, where all votes are discarded in favor of a pronouncement from Hidden Gorge, Mayor Winchell saw a door appear in her office at City Hall. When she opened the oak door with the brass knob, she said she saw an angel. Tall, and beautiful, and radiating dark light and operatic music. Mayor Winchell turned to the few remaining reporters who still attend her press conferences and said, "Angels are real! I am staring at one right now! They are real, OK?"

She began to open the door wide to show the press, but the figure – who was certainly not an angel – mouthed "Shut up, Pamela!" at Mayor Winchell.

The alleged angel added, "Shhhhhh! Geeeeeeez!" and slammed the door.

Pamela corrected her previous announcement by vehemently denying the existence of angels – but hinting that mountains might be a thing.

"I don't know! Think about it!" she mused, as she continued slicing off chunks of her mahogany desk with a Bowie knife.

[Morse: NOW NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

Parade day has finally begun, listeners!

Come to the parade grounds and see what kind of colors and noise a proud community can make!

[Morse: NOW NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

I am told now that 13 year-old Tamika Flynn is, in fact, at the parade. She has, in fact, been at the parade all along. I am telling this now to my producer Daniel, who is throwing chairs in the control room. I am telling this now to my producer Daniel, who I have locked in the control room.

[Morse: NOW NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

I am showing my producer Daniel that I am running the show from my own mixer, as he stares dumbly at the cables he just yanked from the walls.

The parade, as you know, as you have known all along, is at Strexcorp headquarters along the lip of Radon Canyon. The parade consists of half a dozen yellow helicopters, all of which have been commandeered by Tamika's band of well-read middle schoolers, who left town months ago to train for this moment.

[Morse: NOW NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

They apparently learned to fly the helicopters by reading books. Specifically, they learned by reading Italo Calvino's Invisible Cities, and a collection of Shirley Jackson short stories.

Never underestimate the power of good literature.

[Morse: NOW NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

Listeners, this is one of the great moments in Night Vale history. And here is our chance to be part of it. Not since our town elders first donned soft meat crowns, and wrote our town charter in their own blood on the side of a confused coyote has this town had the chance to witness the birth of a truly new age.

[Morse: NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

Witnesses are reporting helicopters above Strexcorp. Witnesses are reporting pre-teens carrying slingshots, and wearing several Reading Achievement chevrons on their left breast pockets.

Witnesses are reporting a bumbling swarm of Strexcorp security agents unable to contain the small revolution!

Witnesses are reporting a dumbfounded and vile institution collapsing under the bloated weight of its own greed!

I am reporting that I am barricading my door from the Strex-owned station management, while making faces at Daniel, trapped in the booth.

And while you fight, Night Vale, for Night Vale, for your town, for your home, I take you now, triumphant citizens, to the weather!

[Morse: NOW NOW NOW - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - - - . - -]

["Take Up Your Spade" by Sara Watkins]

As usual, Night Vale, a lot happened during the weather. And we missed it. Not because I wasn't reporting on it, but because we were not there to experience it.

Witnesses are reporting what they saw today.

But no witnesses joined in.

The witnesses, weak and watching, only witnessed.

Listeners...ooooh, listeners. The band of well-read child revolutionaries, including their leader and only hero our town had left, Tamika Flynn, have been captured by a Strexcorp security team. Tamika led a great revolt to rid our town of a terrible evil, and restore the original less-terrible evil that preceded it. But no one showed up. They only watched.

She called to you! I called to you, Night Vale! But there just weren't enough of us.

The children were all sent to the Juvenile Detention Center, which has sat empty for years because of the specially-calibrated school lunches, formulated by the Night Vale Psychological Association.

Tamika, just before her arrest, calmly waved a heavily-notated copy of Bertolt Brecht's Life of Galileo. She then paraphrased the influential German playwright saying, "Sad is not the land that has no hero. Sad is the land that needs a hero."

An officer took the book and slid it into a plastic bag, as Tamika was handcuffed and led into the back of a bright yellow police cruiser with orange triangle logos.

Night Vale...Night Vale. I tried to tell you about this day. I was very clear. Tamika was very clear. We could have done something, Night Vale, but we...chose not to. Not one citizen outside of Tamika and her band of brilliant, brave, children stood up to tyranny today! We all chose to stand down, and hope change would be won for us, and not by us! By someone else, we believed. A hero, we believed.

But belief is only step one. Action is step two. Fighting for what you believe is step two. Solidarity is step two. Unity is step two. We did not take step two today, Night Vale!

And now there will be no step three!

We have failed Tamika. But worse, we have failed ourselves.

I'm–

Um...

I've got guests in my studio. I don't know how they undid my secret barricade made of cardboard signs that said "KEEP OUT!" and "SECRET ROOM!" in all caps with an exclamation point, but it's my program director, Lauren, and some man I've never seen bef–

But no, I have seen him before! Where have I seen you before?

They do not look happy, Night Vale. Lauren and the stranger are smiling widely, their teeth white, lips pink, their eyes full but tight, deep dimples making their tiny noses into parenthetical asides, they are smiling, but they look very unhappy.

Perhaps it is, uhh, time to sign off for the day. Um, I am sure to speak to you again very soon, listeners.

Stay tuned next for the gentle sounds of forgiveness, and a lilting melody of wounds healing, and until next time, goodnight, Night Vale–

Hey! Hey! What are you– Ge–

[Morse code in background during end credits: FALL 2015 . . - . . - . - . . . - . . . . - - - - - - - - . - - - - ... . .]

47) Company Picnic (15 May 2014)

[Voice of Lauren Mallard]: Snow is falling somewhere. Many things are falling, or will fall, or have fallen, but temporary triumph is still triumph.

Welcome to the Greater Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area.

Hello, listeners! Another day, another broadcast, another chance to reach out and commune with you orally.

It has been a couple weeks since we began speaking to you directly, with no filters or...reinterpretation in the way, and we have forgotten all about anything any of you might have done.

Strexcorp is proud to say that we have carefully recorded, and catalogued, everything you've ever done, and also we've forgotten it all. Don't worry about it! Let us worry about it for you. Without worry, you are free to be as efficient and productive as we all dream of being.

We all dream, every night, of our jobs, and of efficiency, and of the deep chasm of consequence and retribution if we are not as productive as we need to be. Those recurring dreams are just one of the many ways Strexcorp is happy to fill your waking hours and your timeless sleep.

Since we've consolidated all our community radio stations into one broadcast network, we no longer need ask why one town is doing what another isn't. We can stop focusing on our differences, and instead focus on our similarities, our commonalities. For instance, the future! We all share that, don't we?

We sure do!

Why, hello again, Kevin!

Hi!

Listeners, you know Kevin! He's a long-time host at Desert Bluffs Radio Incorporated, and a new host here on Night Vale Community Radio, where he'll be broadcasting full-time!

Welcome, Kevin! It's nice to finally have you here in the studio.

Thank you, Lauren! But you know, I don't like the adjectives "new" or "long-time."

Hmm.

They suggest there was a past before me! I am not new, I am now! We're all now! A now that moves forward at a constant speed and direction. Our present is always becoming the future. We all have that in common! We have the future! And that future is everything. And it is ours to share!

I am happy to finally be on the air with you all in Night Vale!

I'm happy you're here too, Kevin. Things have been so good lately, haven't they?

Mmm!

We caught the teenage felon who's been terrorizing the town, we got our helicopters back, we brought you here, all those terrible doors that appeared a couple of weeks ago have suddenly disappeared, and no one can see the lies inside them anymore.

And your producer Daniel tells me that just a few days ago, we arrested a group of five people in lab coats who had been loitering about and trespassing on Cynthia Cabrera's house in the Desert Creek development.

How scary! Well, that is good news!

Yes! Great news! Or...almost great. There is...one scientist we expected to find there, and we did not find him. He has such perfect hair! Think of what would happen if he had agreed to add that perfect hair and those perfect teeth into our resources! It just makes you want to spit–

I'm sorry, such a vulgar word. Let me try that again.

It just makes you want to...not smile. To not smile hard at all, when people work against productivity that way. Oh, well. We'll find him soon enough! We find everyone we look for. We're just fantastic at our jobs!

It feels good to have a crime-free tomorrow, doesn't it? It makes any crimes that happen today feel justified.

Well, Lauren, let's start things off with news about...♫Strexcorp!♫

Oh, yay!

In an act that is just super-benevolent, Strex is giving all workers a day off today for a company picnic!

Wow, Kevin!

You are right! Wow, Lauren!

The company picnic is being held in Mission Grove Park, so head over there right now, everybody, and look for the balloons and banners. You have to go there now!

Stop what you're doing and go to the park.

Follow any signs you see, and any spoken directives from the uniformed Strexcorp Picnic Captain. They're there to make sure you have a good time — and that you don't leave the picnic early. It would be a real shame to leave early from such a welcoming – and mandatory – picnic! Head on over right now! Do it!

Do it now.

And now, the Community Calendar.

Tuesday is Work Day! All Strexcorp-owned homes and businesses, which is to say all homes and businesses, should work all day in their most productive and enthusiastic way. Work is how we all become better people! You do want to become a better person, right? You want to be valued, you want to have value, you want your value, numerically speaking, to increase? Then work! It's Work Day!

Wednesday is Work Day. Keep working, Strexcorp employees! Don't stop!

Thursday through Sunday are also Work Days. Wow! What an exciting and productive week we have coming up here in the Greater Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area!

Monday is a lie that someone told you in order to poison you against the idea of starting your work week. Who told you this lie? Point them out to us, and we'll make sure that they don't tell you any more lies. Isn't that nice? Just honest folks, dealing honestly with other honest folks. Just point out the liar, and denounce them.

This has been the Community Calendar.

Well, the company picnic in Mission Grove is in full swing! Everyone is exposing their teeth and moving their arms! There are signs posted showing how to move your face and body to indicate maximum fun.

There are also snacks! They are on the picnic tables with the paper table cloths, next to the Strexcorp Picnic Captains. Don't worry about the friendly officers, grab a cupcake! You've earned it! If you've done enough work hours, you've earned it! If you haven't earned however many snacks you take, the Picnic Captains will let you know.

Unfortunately, it's not all good news, Kevin.

Oh, no?

It seems there have been some party poopers who haven't made it to the picnic yet, or who have tried to leave early. But that's OK! Strexcorp threw this party as a treat for their hard-working employees, and also so that they could learn who the party poopers were!

We know the party poopers now, and we're playfully letting them know that they are party poopers. We are putting heavy stone hats on them that say "Party Pooper" until they are agreeable. It's important to work hard, but it's also important to play hard. But mostly, it's important to work hard.

It's very important to work hard!

It sure is!

So important. More important than life itself!

It sure is.

We have gotten some questions about this, and yes, of course, the Night Vale Mayoral Election is still a go for a month from now! It turns out that there's no way to stop it once it starts. All the machines and the pulsing in Hidden Gorge...there's just no way to turn that off without having an election. So, we're proud to say, we're upholding democracy by having that election no matter what!

Both candidates, Hiram McDaniels and the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives In Your Home, released a statement – through Strexcorp – saying, "We couldn't care less who wins. The important thing is that Night Vale is well-served in its relationship with the Greater Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area business community! This is the key to economic prosperity, and a future that is in harmony with a Smiling God."

I couldn't agree more! I just want to vote for both of them!

Me too! But you can't, it's very illegal. Do not try or the law-breaking will be dealt with.

And now, a word from our sponsors. Lauren?

Thanks, Kev! Can I call you Kev?

Ha ha ha ha! No, Lauren. By no means.

Thanks, Kevin. Today's sponsor is...oh, my! Looks like it happens to be Strexcorp!

Strexcorp. Like dew from the sky. Like a cloud that dissipates, only to come again as other clouds. Like the sun. Like a hate-filled thought that you failed to suppress. Like biting down on a fistful of sand. Like words that once held meaning. Like the sun. Like an enemy, hiding in the depths of your own body. Like the enemy that is your own body. Like a thought you wish you could have, but don't. Like a Smiling God. Like the sun!

Strexcorp. Go to sleep.

Wow! That was catchy! You know, every time I hear the start of one of those ads, I just can't help but hum the rest.

None of us can help that! None of us have been able to for years.

And now, traffic.

That's right, Lauren!

It's slow-and-go around the company picnic, as it should be. Lots of people crowded in there, surrounded by streamers, and balloons, and volleyball nets that should not be touched or climbed! The company picnic is where everyone should be. Plus, Strexcorp has announced – how exciting is this? – They've announced that the company picnic will be continuing on...indefinitely!

[Lauren gasps with delight]

That the party is so good that they just couldn't bring themselves to end it! So everyone will live at the company picnic now. In between the streamers, and the balloons, and the tall, electrified metal volleyball nets. They will work there, too! They will work there until all the work is done! Until it is – all of this – finished.

Then, we will truly have been productive! Then, truly, we will have worked hard and played hard!

This has been traffic.

You know, Lauren, the equipment in this studio is so old fashioned! I hardly know how to use any of it! Nothing like the high-tech equipment we have back home in Desert Bluffs! But there are many reasons we have to do our broadcasting from here.

It sends a message.

It sure does! It sends several fun messages for everyone to enjoy!

Anyway, the boys in Sales, who are all named Sean, came by and with their help, I was able to make this studio feel a little more like home. They put up a bit of a fuss about the changes, but that's just because no one likes change. There are some people who don't understand progress, you know.

I'll miss the Seans.

I'll miss them, too. But look how much nicer this place looks! You can see the Seans' contributions all over the desk!

And running down the walls! Yes! So much nicer!

And now, listeners, a deep rumbling sound, like a giant dragging its prone, misshapen body across baked, waterless earth.

[Deep rumbling sound like a giant dragging its prone, misshapen body across baked, waterless earth plays]

That's my favorite mandatory part of the daily broadcast. I don't know what it means! It's so fun!

Ugh. I hate to break in there, Kevin, but we're getting reports that there's another fuss down at the picnic.

It looks like you're right, Lauren! Seems like the party is really taking off, doesn't it? Streamers and cupcakes everywhere! People are touching the volleyball nets, which they should not do, but they're learning. Or not them, other people watching them are learning. Wow! Folks down here sure get wild at picnics!

The helpful Strexcorp Picnic Overseer is explaining to them, with bullhorns, the best way to express their picnic joy, so the fuss should end pretty soon.

Yes, the Overseer is explaining to them. They're on the ground, with their hands over their ears so that they can hear him better. Their mouths are open. No one has ever seen smiles quite like that. What an interesting way to smile! Their legs are kicking, too, like they're still trying to dance.

Oh my! Well, there's no music, you fantastic silly people! There's just an Overseer explaining how parties work, and how work is the best party of all! You don't need to wriggle about like that!

You're certainly right! There is no music at all! But, Kevin, do you know what there is?

What is there, Lauren?

Kevin, and all listeners out there at the company picnic, or illegally huddled in pitiful hiding spots that will be ferreted out, let's go now to the weather.

["Stupid" by Brendan Maclean]

Here we are. The weather has passed, and we all know that the end of the broadcast is nearing. But don't worry! There will be another after, and another after that, and on and on...we aren't going anywhere.

The company picnic is settling down into the pleasant work party it was always meant to be. Those who had been wriggling around and smiling so oddly are now sitting cross-legged on the ground, happily at work. They will stay at the company picnic now. Everyone will. We will all be working from the company picnic so that everything can be organized, and there will be no problems.

Listen, we are not completely unaware! We know that there has been some tension, certain events that everyone regrets – although some regret them more than others – but we also know that nothing removes tension between rival towns quite like a picnic, a smile, and a song.

Sing louder! Louder!

Good!

There is a bright future ahead of us. It is so bright! Blindingly bright! It is a future so filled with painful light that we have no choice but to close our eyes and walk serenely forward. And so don't worry about where you have come from. Don't worry about where you are going. Worry only about where your feet land in the now.

Where are you standing, and how much work are you getting done where you are standing? What value are you adding to the world? What are you worth?

Those are the questions you should ask yourself. And don't worry if you forget to ask yourself, there will be people with clipboards who will come by soon to ask them for you.

That's all for today! Stay tuned next for bountiful blessings from a Smiling God!

And so, from me, Kevin,

...and from Lauren, here in the booth,

...as always, until next time, Greater Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area. Until next time.

48) Renovations (1 June 2014)

True beauty is on the inside, where everything is red, and glistening, and full of practical organs and sharp rocks.

Welcome to the Greater Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area.

Hello, listeners! You look nice today!

This is an assumption, but it is a safe assumption. I am positive you look nice.

Yes, a very safe assumption! Probably the safest of the many, many assumptions I'll make today.

It's a very good day, Kevin! The company picnic is still going strong! It's been over two weeks and every resident of Night Vale is–

And, by extension, every employee of Strexcorp!

...has been enjoying our first annual company picnic of indeterminate length.

So many fun activities, Lauren! Nobody wants to leave!

Nobody can leave!

But they wouldn't want to!

Oh, absolutely not! Not with all the fun activities, like work...

...

Yes!

But, there's even more exciting news! We are renovating this old radio station. We redecorated the studio a couple of weeks back, but now that we have so many new Strexcorp employees arriving each week, we wanted to create a welcoming, work-friendly office for them.

Right! It's always exciting to get a new job! To take on a new career? You know that thrilling moment, after all the resumes and letters and interviews? That moment when one day, a van pulls up next to you, say, just outside your favorite ice cream store or on the sidewalk outside your girlfriend's house, and you are blindfolded and sedated and lightly beaten, and driven around in seemingly random directions, and then after breaking down spiritually, hurled upon the concrete front steps of your new office, ready to start your new career! This is an exciting moment in anyone's professional life!

And here at Strexcorp, we want that excitement to continue. So, we are remodeling and redecorating this old building. We've added some new sales offices, a...a Room of Questioning – complete with fun steel chairs, and executive restraints...

Mmm!

...and lots of wonderful framed paintings of human teeth. We're even completely redoing the bathrooms!

Which reminds me, there are some stray cats floating at various heights in the men's room here at the station. They look to be about a year old. If you want them, come and get them before the demolition crew arrives this afternoon.

Good point! I'll send our producer Daniel in there to take some pictures of the little guys. We'll post them to the website, and listeners can figure out which ones they want to take, and come and get them.

Unfortunately, everyone's having too much fun at the company picnic!

Hmmm.

I doubt anyone will have any time – or the physical ability – to leave the picnic and adopt a stray floating cat.

Oh, too bad! Well, I'll have Daniel post the photos anyway, just so you can all see what you're missing.

Hehe!

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Thanks, Kevin!

Listeners, are you cold? Just a little bit? Feel a thin chill on your skin?

Maybe you've wrapped your arms over each other, and you're rubbing them softly but vigorously?

You're so cold!

And now you've pulled your arms entirely into your shirt, trying to maximize the body heat of skin contact. You've pulled in your arms, and you're rocking your body forward and back...

What about your ears and nose? So very, very cold!

Ask a friend to borrow a sweater, try that. Go on!

No one's around! Uh-oh! You don't actually know a single person, do you?

Your life may be a total lie.

Well, at best a fever dream.

Or someone else's night terror.

That's probably it.

You're very cold.

And no one to help you. Or hear you.

Look around. All gray, windowless walls, right?

Not even a door.

How much air do you have left? How are you even breathing?

There can't be much air left.

This message brought to you by Best Buy.

Best Buy. Conserve your oxygen!

Listeners, the renovations have brought so much joy here to the radio station that we thought we'd extend the fun throughout the town of Night Vale. We've sent our contractors all over the city to tear down other things, too. Like the abandoned missile silo outside of town, several active but low-achieving elementary schools, and that weird forest along the eastern edge of Night Vale.

Oh, I know that forest! It's a really nice forest! It complimented my outfit as I drove past it the other day. It whispered, "That vest fits you well, Kevin!"

It also whispered, "You have a clever and colorful fashion sense. You are a delight to be near!"

That forest never whispers anything at me.

I actually stopped my car along the side of the road, because I was feeling welcomed — even beckoned — by such a nice community of trees. But as I approached, it whispered, "No! Your eyes! No! Please go! Please, leave us be!"

And I did. Because I have such a healthy respect for nature.

I know you do. Vile, vile nature.

Anyway, we're tearing that forest down to build a new corporate training facility!

Great!

We've also hired the small civilization living under lane five of the Desert Valley Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex. Since building owner Teddy Williams is...busy at the company picnic and hasn't paid his lease, the small army of tiny people are using the building as a headquarters. They've renamed it The Cathedral of Huntokhar, after their god.

They've also torn down the Arby's, and put in a contemporary sculpture, which is a 1:1 scale model replica of the Arby's they just tore down.

It feels so good to redecorate.

Does it? I rarely feel anything. I rarely feel anything at all.

Hmmm.

Let's have a look at financial news!

The markets are really fantastic today!

Counterpoint? You're really fantastic today!

You're too kind!

I'm kind because everything looks good in the financial markets!

Would you be less kind if the markets were doing poorly?

I would! Down markets mean people aren't working hard, and if people aren't working hard, that must mean they're sad and lazy! And when people are sad and lazy, I become less kind.

Interesting.

What are you doing?

Hang on...

Listeners, Lauren is doing something on her phone.

Annnnd, done. Let's see if that...yup! Yes, it seems to be! Wonderful!

What did you do?

I just liquidated nearly all of my domestic stock, and the market is reacting quickly to it. Stock prices are plummeting. The markets are really terrible today.

That's awful news! It's a shame how people just don't value hard work like they used to. You shouldn't let your sadness and laziness destroy our economic future! Cheer up!

Wow! I think you were wrong. You didn't become less kind at all!

I didn't?

No, you became more helpful.

[scoffs] You're right! Telling sad people to cheer up is like an extra level of kindness!

It totally is! That was a very informative financial report we just had. The markets are still terrible now, though. There might have to be layoffs, or...disappearances, but I think it was worth it.

Lauren? I just noticed all these new framed pictures of human teeth on the studio wall!

They're lovely, right?

Yes, very! But that one? I don't remember that picture! I don't recall choosing to put a picture of a lighthouse in my radio studio! I would only choose pleasant images to look at. It is a very unpleasant image!

I agree. I do not like it one bit. Let us try, for a moment, not to look at it.

...

I can't stop looking at it!

Ugh, me neither! I'll ask Daniel to take care of it when he's done photographing those doomed floating cats in the bathroom.

Good plan!

Hmm.

We're receiving word from downtown that there's a slowdown in our renovations. Our demolition crews have been stalled outside the empty lot across the street from the Rec Center, the lot with the sign that says "Future Home of the Old Night Vale Opera House."

It seems the outgoing mayor of Night Vale, Pamela Winchell, some old lady, and a line of impossibly tall people with long heads and wings have escaped...or, um...skipped out early from the company picnic, and are blocking our contractors from building the town's third Sharper Image!

But that's impossible! We invoked eminent domain.

I'm getting word that the mayor has veto power over both eminent domain and Sharper Image.

How is she still mayor, even? Daniel! Daniel, where are you?

I'm going to find Daniel. I'm going to have him drive me downtown, and I'm going to deal with this directly. I am tired of messing around with–

[Gasps] What was that?

Listeners, the lights just went out in the studio.

...Daniel?

Kevin? Why has Daniel not come back from taking pictures of the cats? That should not have taken this long. He's very efficient.

Shhhh! There's someone here, Lauren! There's someone else in this room!

Listeners, there is a bright, black glowing coming from the middle of our studio. It is glowing around the shape of someone neither man nor woman, tall, long, with great black wings, beating softly through filtered and recirculated 71º air. It is holding something. Something small and round. Listeners, it is holding a light bulb!

It's moving now. The person– the...the what? The...the angel (angels are, of course, real and very dangerous). This dangerous being is walking to the wall, to that new piece of art. The art that, unlike any other art in history, is not depicting teeth.

Oh, Smiling God! That picture! Kevin, that picture, it's– It's different now.

The lighthouse? Moments ago, the picture was of a lighthouse on a desert mountain in the clean light of midday. Now the photo is a lighthouse at desert's dusk! Purple-orange sky and a blinking red light atop the mountain. The light in the photo is actually blinking!

There is a door at the foot of the stone tower, and that door is opening. A deep, purple glow slowly silhouetting a man – it looks like a man. I cannot tell if he is tall or if he is short. He is holding something. I cannot tell what it is, but it moves in his arms.

[A faint but familiar note starts welling in the background]

The man is– he is entering the lighthouse! He–

Kevin, the door! Our studio door.

Daniel! Is that you? Are the kittens dealt with?

I see only the intruder's shadow, in that deep purple glow. It is– it is the man from the lighthouse! He is holding something!

[A familiar drum beat begins to play]

The dangerous, dangerous angel is with him! The man is holding something!

No! How did you–

He is holding–

[Music crescendos]

Don't come any nearer!

He is holding a cat.

[Welcome to Night Vale theme plays, with a bit of extra bass]

Thank you for bringing me here, Erika.

And while whatever happens next, happens, I take you, Night Vale, to the weather!

["High Tide Rising" by Fox]

Listeners, it is good to be back. After so long away, in such a terrible, terrible place. Let us never fall again for the wicked ruse of the company picnic. No matter how many badminton tournaments or chili cook-offs the fliers and masked Picnic Captains advertise.

There was one escape attempt during the unending, deadly horror that was the staff softball game. Ugh! Mmm. But...there were helicopters everywhere, and we were captured trying to dig a tunnel under second base with staple pullers.

But, last night, just when – as all picnic-goers eventually do – we had given up all hope of someday being free, former intern Dana appeared to me. There was an old oak door, which I swear had not been in the heavily-electrified volleyball nets before – or, no. No. No more euphemisms. No more talking around it. They were high voltage electric fences, fatal to any who touched them.

The door in the fence opened, and she stepped out and, taking me by my hand, led me with her into whatever strange other world she has been trapped in for so long.

She brought me to the lighthouse in her strange desert that is like our own, but is not our own. She introduced me to an army of men and women who have taken great care of her. And introduced me to several tall, winged creatures, each named Erika. With a K.

Dana said they were angels. Heh. I informed each of them that angels are not real, and that's ridiculous! I might have howled this while covering my eyes.

Dana took me to the peak of the mountain — which is also not real. From atop this monstrosity of rock and earth and lies, we looked out across an empty, pink desert. Past the lighthouse, over the army, to a curved horizon under a placid ocean of cloudless forever.

And I saw for myself, on that horizon, the terrible light rushing toward us.

Former intern Maureen is the one who showed everyone it was possible to pass fully back and forth, with her disappearing and reappearing. And it was John Peters – you know, the farmer – who stumbled on how to open the old oak doors that lead to so many places...but also to here. This one beautiful place in space and time. Old Woman Josie and her definitely-not-angelic companions are in that other world, too.

So many have fled. But we will not flee anymore.

I have returned Khoshekh to his home here at the station, floating four feet off the ground in the men's restroom. I found Strexcorp's former radio producer Daniel, lying dead – or...perhaps inoperative (I do not know if Daniel identified as organic or not) – outside the restrooms. Apparently no one ever told him the deadly consequences of taking photos of cats.

Listeners? All is not well. Most is not well. Strexcorp still owns all that can be owned here. And so much also that cannot be owned. Many of you are still trapped in the company picnic.

Others of you are trapped in mistaken impressions of how your life should supposedly be, but that started long before this whole Strex thing. That's something only you can fix, through reflection, and laughter, and acceptance.

Lauren and Kevin ran away when faced with whatever you call Erika, but I do not think they will be gone for long.

And then there is Dana, and her army of masked warriors, standing in the path of that deep, rumbling light. That searing, blinding, hum. That Smiling God.

And, I'll be honest. I don't know exactly where Carlos is. They captured his scientists, but they did not capture him. I'm sure he is fine. A scientist is always fine.

Listeners, so much is wrong. Here is what's right:

Night Vale Community Radio is ours again. We are the only thing in Night Vale not owned by Strex and I swear...I swear...we will stay that way.

And soon this whole town will be as this station is now. Not without struggle, not without loss. Not without grave injury and a lifetime of what-ifs. But we will do it.

We may be controlled by the City Council, and the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency, and chemtrails, and the Secret Order of Reptile Kings, and the mysterious lights that hover above us, but we will not be controlled by a Smiling God! We are Night Vale! And we are, in our own way, free!

We must continue to fight, and resist. We must be the heroes we look for in others. We must no longer speak in code, but in action.

Return to your homes, if you can. But do not lock your doors tonight. Do not hide yourselves away from danger. Be brave. Be truly brave.

I mean, don't get carried away. Stay out of the Dog Park. And don't run with knives. And, for crying out loud, don't cry out loud. You'll upset the bears, which are emotionally fragile animals that are already very uncomfortable with themselves.

Stay tuned next for that nagging feeling that you left the coffee pot on. Surely it's no big deal, but...oh, geez! What if it is a big deal? Oh, no! I can't believe you left the coffee pot on!

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight!

49a) Old Oak Doors Part A (15 June 2014)

Meg Bashwiner: And now, listeners of every kind, the voi–

Lauren Mallard: I'm so sorry, are we interrupting something? I'm sure it's nothing important.

The sun is bright, the moon is irrelevant, and we are light and light and light and light.

We're light.

Listeners, this is Lauren Mallard, Vice President of Strexcorp, owner...I mean...community supporter of the Night Vale and Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area.

I'm here with Kevin, who has been a radio host for Night Vale's sister city, Desert Bluffs, for...how long has it been, Kevin?

Kevin: I can't say!

Lauren Mallard: Kevin, don't be modest! You are the voice of our community!

Kevin: I literally am incapable of saying, Lauren.

Lauren Mallard: Kevin and I are broadcasting from a secret location because of some...recent changes to the town of Night Vale.

Kevin: Strexcorp...Strexcorp was in the process of bringing together the two cities, but there was some...

Lauren Mallard: Miscommunication.

Kevin: Yessss. Thank you, Lauren. You're so helpful with your words.

...Miscommunication, and now the little town of Night Vale is...upset.

Lauren Mallard: We tried to bring them endless searing sunshine and delicious transdimensional orange juice and adorable furry pets with adorable gnashing teeth!

Kevin: I love my StrexPet, Lauren! [Laughs] Oh, it is the cutest! I take it for walks, I throw sticks at it, I tell it my worst secrets! I feed it mice every night before bed.

Lauren Mallard: Oh, no. They're not supposed to eat mice, Kevin.

Kevin: I've trained it to! It took some weeks, but...it is accepting its meals now.

Lauren, did you know that in Night Vale, people are not even allowed to visit the public Dog Park?

Lauren Mallard: Right! You know what? They can't– also cannot eat wheat or wheat by-products!

Kevin: Delicious wheat! Delicious by-products!

Lauren Mallard: Or have computers or writing utensils! And their community radio interns keep having...accidents. Or, in the case of that intern Dana, meeting her own double, one of them killing the other...

Kevin: Oh!

Lauren Mallard: ...and then the remaining one (not sure if it's her or her double) being trapped for over a year in a strange..."other" desert world where she's been making trouble for us with an unruly pack of angels, and, um, masked warriors. Ugh. It's...a very beautiful, but very unproductive town, not reaching its full productive potential.

Kevin: My grandmother used to embroider pillows with the phrase, "REACH YOUR FULL PRODUCTIVE POTENTIAL!" I loved those pillows so much, she sold one to me!

Lauren Mallard: That's sweet. That is a good story, Kevin. Hmm.

So, we at Strexcorp, not wanting our neighbors to flounder under the oppressive terror and darkness, brought bright yellow helicopters here to rid the town of all its terrible horrors. The weird shape in Grove Park that kills people if you look at it, or talk about it, uh, the Hooded Figures that infiltrate everyone's deepest fears and dreams, the Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agencies that record everyone's conversations, and the glowing cloud that drops dead animals, the rip in time that allowed dinosaurs to come through!

Kevin: Pteranodons are not dinosaurs, Lauren! They are arachnids!

Lauren Mallard: You are right.

Kevin: No, you are right! It is hard to get work done in such a dystopia.

Lauren Mallard: Right?

Kevin: Right?

Lauren Mallard: Right?

Kevin: Right!

And then they just allow that teenage girl, what was her name? Tamika...to start a militia!

Lauren Mallard: Well, luckily she's in prison.

Kevin: And then, they bring these ugly scientists to study things that should not be studied!

Lauren Mallard: Luckily, he's trapped in the same desert "other" world as Intern Dana!

Kevin: Lauren, I think...I think maybe this is our fault!

Lauren Mallard: How so, Kevin?

Kevin: We loved Night Vale...too much.

Lauren Mallard: We cared for them more than they could understand!

Kevin: We showed them sympathy beyond which they could receive.

Lauren Mallard: Let's show them empathy.

Kevin: [Gasp] Yessss! Empathy!

Lauren Mallard: Did you hear that, Night Vale? No more sympathy from Strexcorp. No more emotional symbiosis. We will give you empathy. We will give you the room to understand what you need. But, what you need is sunshine, and structure, and jobs!

Kevin: They don't want a handout, they want a hand around their neck! In a show of friendly solidarity! A strong pat on the neck.

Lauren Mallard: Let us show you empathy in a handful of dust, Night Vale.

Kevin: Just...look at all this empathy!

Lauren Mallard: Look at it!

Kevin: Look at it every day.

Lauren Mallard: Look at it forever.

OK, um, talk to you all again soon, sorry for interrupting whatever this...silly little thing is.

Meg Bashwiner: As I was saying. And now, listeners of every kind, the voice of Night Vale, Cecil Baldwin!

Cecil: Think back.

Look forward.

Listen timelessly.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. I speak to you now from the one spot in Night Vale that remains truly ours. The studios of the Night Vale Community Radio station. I have learned well from my misunderstanding about how barricading a door works, and so I have – for two weeks – managed to keep this studio free of Strexcorp influences and employees.

But, enough of the preamble. Now, to the amble.

Today is the day. There is only one thing for today, and that is the destruction of the hated Strexcorp, and freeing our town of Night Vale. We will work no longer. We will worship a Smiling God no longer. We have failed before, we have failed so many times at so many tasks, but at this, we will not fail.

I hope.

I mean, I really, really, hope that we will not fail.

In any case, we will be devoting all of today's broadcast to the revolution with no interruptions.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Excuse me?

Cecil: Um...uhh, excuse me...

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: Cease speaking or I will cease your speaking for you!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Easy there, Green Head.

Cecil: Oh, um, listeners, I'm sorry, uh, mayoral candidate and literal five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels has just burst into the studio.

Faceless Old Woman: I am also here.

Cecil: Did someone just speak?

Faceless Old Woman: Yes, it's me, the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home.

Cecil: Aaah.

Faceless Old Woman: I'm crouched in the crawlspace under your studio right now. There are many interesting insects and pipes down here.

Well, it is great to have you both, but listen, there's this revolution...

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Listen, Cecil?

Cecil: To do, and...

Faceless Old Woman: Uh, far be it from me to get in the way of your revolution...

Cecil: Uh.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: I'm all for liberty.

Hiram McDaniels' Purple Head: tree of liberty must be periodically watered with blood and mulched with detached limbs and pruned using shears made from bones! It's my favorite tree!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: I hear you, Purple Head, but, uh...

Faceless Old Woman: Uh, We are here because you are forgetting the most important thing that is happening today. Today is election day. Today is that day when finally Night Vale citizens will be able to effect change. Or, not effect change, but they will be affected by it.

Cecil: Sure! Um, well, there is also an election today! And we will certainly cover that as well, OK? But, for now, please go stand in the alley behind City Hall and await the results, as is traditional.

Faceless Old Woman: Thanks, Cecil.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Absolutely, thank you very much. Check back in with you soon.

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: Yes! What my gold head said! Pitiful whelp of a man!

Cecil: Let us go immediately to the news.

Many citizens are reporting that old oak doors with brass knobs have been appearing all over town. The doors open onto a desert landscape quite like this one. Through these doors are arriving tall creatures with long faces and broad wings. These creatures are difficult to categorize, but the best I can do is "definitely not angels."

The not-at-all angelic creatures are joined by enormous men and women wearing masks. The not-angels and the masked army have torn down the electric fences trapping the people at the Strexcorp company picnic. And this is great news, but unfortunately, the news is not over.

Strexcorp has responded with a seemingly unending force of eyeless, blood-drenched office workers, dressed in smart, but affordable, business casual clothing and armed with jagged knives and toothy smiles. They are backed by a swarm of yellow helicopters that have filled the sky and yet, strangely, have not blotted out the sun. In fact, the sun seems brighter than ever. Unnaturally bright, if a ball of highly compacted gas that sustains life through mere proximity could ever be called natural. Ha!

The horrible smiling office workers have driven the tall winged creatures and the masked army back from the picnic. The Strex force is too much for even these rescuers from another world to handle. Whatever unspecified powers they have are unspecifically not enough. And they are, quite specifically, losing. They are fleeing. Some have fallen as the ravenous office workers swarm over them.

The angels – or, you know...not-angels – have entered the Juvenile Detention Center looking for a certain little girl. No...a young woman. No...a human being, and her well-trained militia of other human beings. But the cell that once contained Tamika Flynn was empty. Instead, there were only shackles that had been pulled completely apart, and the words "I AM FOUND!" written on a bookmark lain across page 210 of a paperback copy of Leonard Cohen's Book of Longing.

The current whereabouts of Tamika Flynn are not known. The winged creatures, who are all named Erika, and the army of masked giants have continued their retreat before the onslaught of eyeless office workers all the way past the Old Town Drawbridge.

Listeners, given the urgency of today, um, I– I planned to skip some of our regular features as well as sponsored ads, but...since forcing out our current ownership, we've...gotten a bit behind on our bills. So there's now a sentient patch of haze in my studio!

Deb: Hello, Cecil! Hello, listeners! My name is Deb.

Cecil: And Deb won't actually leave my studio until she has told us all about...um...what are you promoting?

Deb: Whole Foods!

Cecil: Ah, right! So, even though we've got this whole big revolution to do, let's take a moment to listen to Deb, the Sentient Patch of Haze, about...um...

Deb: Whole Foods!

Cecil: Yes.

Deb: Thanks, Cecil.

At Whole Foods, we don't have any rotting, decaying matter mixed into our products. There are no secret blood rooms in our stores, where we keep the secret blood.

Cecil: Hmm.

Deb: None of the boxes of cereal contain spiders. And if they did, they would be very friendly, helpful spiders. Boy, wouldn't you be lucky to find a spider like that in a box of Whole Foods cereal! Or, not just one...hundreds of them. But anyway, you won't.

Whole Foods serves only the freshest food, and we certainly do not keep venomous snakes under the fruit in our produce section! Why would we? That would be dangerous, and not good for business. No on has died of a snake bite at Whole Foods. No one you know.

Whole Foods. Why in the world would we poison our frozen dinners? We definitely do not do that!

Cecil: Well, thanks Deb!

Deb: Oh, no, thank you, Cecil! Good luck with whatever you got goin' on here. Seems uninteresting and human.

Cecil: Oh, OK. Um, well, goodbye Deb!

Listeners, I– I apologize for these noises you might be getting. There is some other radio signal, it's interfering with our own...

Lauren Mallard: Cecil, hi! It's Lauren Mallard.

Kevin: Sorry to interrupt!

Lauren Mallard: Kevin and I just had to break into your signal, we wanted a moment to talk with you. Gently talking solves a lot of things!

Kevin: Violent revolution has never solved anything!

Cecil: I beg to differ. America was founded on a revolution. And, I mean, sure, we still are ruled by the Reptilians, but...the Lizard Kings let us have our own country after they saw how hard we tried during that revolution thing!

Lauren Mallard: That was decades ago, Cecil! Anyway, we want to know what we can do to keep your business. We here at Strexcorp Synernists, Inc. are dedicated to the betterment of life through branding, social networking, and upbeat music.

Kevin: And hard work!

Lauren Mallard: Mmm. I'm pretty sure it's implied that hard work is part of it, Kevin.

Kevin: I'm pretty sure I didn't ask for your feedback.

Lauren Mallard: Cecil? Strexcorp values the effort you put into making this station what it was.

Cecil: [Clears throat]

Lauren Mallard: Is. What it is. But, when employees are refusing to participate in our trust exercises, and boycotting our products, and attacking us with our own helicopters, then I think we have failed our mission statement.

Cecil: And...what is your mission statement?

Kevin: This!

[Muffled sound plays]

Lauren Mallard: We got so caught up in thinking about our business that we didn't think...we didn't think...(we didn't use their brains)...We didn't think about the people. People matter at Strexcorp! They matter because of the business! Mmm-hmm! We're here to set things right.

First things first. We will rebuild the Night Vale Harbor and Waterfront Recreation area, and divert thousands of gallons of necessary drinking water from other towns to provide it with its namesake. We will also fill in the giant hole out back of the Ralph's.

Cecil: But where will the people who huddle there go to huddle?

Lauren Mallard: Oooh, Cecil. You are simply resistant to change. Your revolution is cute. Community togetherness is adorable. But money...money is power. We will invest–

Kevin: ...are currently investing...

Lauren Mallard: ...to make Night Vale a better place to live.

Kevin: Thus increasing the resale value!

Lauren Mallard: Also, we know everyone fears libraries in Night Vale, which is why Strexcorp will tear down the library, destroy the dangerous librarians, and replace it with StrexBooks Purchase Centers!

Tamika Flynn: Don't you dare! Don't you dare try talking about books!

Cecil: Tamika! Is that you?

Tamika Flynn: Yes. I– I found their secret location using a radio triangulation technique I learned by reading an anthology of Emily Dickinson poems.

Kevin: Lauren? Be careful, she has a slingshot and a heavy-looking edition of John Osborne's play Look Back in Anger!

Lauren Mallard: Thank you, Kev, but I will happily deal with this myself. I just so happen to have my own slingshot, and an extremely heavy edition of the Strex Employee Handbook.

Kevin: Well, Lauren? You have the situation under control! I'm just going to go and oversee some important things elsewhere. Let me know if – when you take care of this child.

Tamika Flynn: I love books. Take that book you're holding! It looks ill-written, ill-conceived, full of bad ideas expressed badly...I bet it lacks narrative arcs and an appreciation for the flow of language. It looks like the worst book in the history of books! But here's the thing...it's still a book. And I love books. So, you do not deserve to even hold it.

Lauren Mallard: Then come and get it!

Cecil: Tamika, stay alert!

Lauren Mallard: Let me throw some ideas at you!

Tamika Flynn: Ugh!

Lauren Mallard: Hahaha! Hahaha! Yes!

Cecil: Tamika? Tamika! Are you hurt?

Lauren Mallard: Cecil? Tamika won't be a problem for us any longer. Now, what were we talking about? Oh, right, money. Success. It's just–

Tamika Flynn: Ugh...

Cecil: Tamika! Tamika? Can you hear me?

Lauren Mallard: Well, drat. Hold on, Cecil, seems she's still up and about. This'll just take a second.

Tamika Flynn: Lady, I've trained for months. I've taken down your helicopters with only a slingshot. I've looked at a librarian right in the area where most creatures would have eyes. You do not scare me!

Lauren Mallard: Oh, no. Oh, no! Where did all these children come from?

Tamika Flynn: It doesn't matter. What matters is that in a few moments, you will start running as fast as you can, in the direction of Desert Bluffs. All right, Book Club! Books as clubs! Go!

Lauren Mallard: No! No! May the Smiling God show me mercy! No no, I give up! I give up! I– Ow! Ow! I'm going!

Cecil: Well done, young Ms. Flynn.

Tamika Flynn: I'm securing this frequency. We'll keep broadcasting instructions from here. Stay vigilant, Night Vale!

Cecil: Thank you, Tamika!

Listeners? Night Vale is coming alive. After weeks of the company picnic, the citizens are remembering who they are. They are members of a pseudo-democracy run by Lizard Kings through a byzantine maze of puppet governments and paperwork. A crowd of those grinning Strexcorp drones surrounded one of the winged not-angels, who was wearing a hand-tailored suit coat, but was otherwise totally nude.

But then, Leann Hart, managing editor of the Night Vale Daily Journal, hacked her way through the crowd with a hatchet.

"I am imagining you all as news bloggers! You are destroying years of journalistic tradition!"

And then, at the urging of Sarah Sultan, the president of the Night Vale Community College, Leann then threw Sarah at the few remaining Strex workers who were still intact.

Sarah, who is a smooth, fist-sized river rock, hit her target magnificently before...bouncing off somewhere.

And so this Erika, who looked both wealthy and...mostly nude, was saved.

Wait! Wait, wait wait...I am seeing a flickering, listeners! And this flickering is becoming a – a shape! And the shape...The shape is becoming...a woman!

Dana: Hello, Cecil! It's me, Dana!

Cecil: Dana! Why haven't you returned to Night Vale?

Dana: I will soon, I think. But there is something here that has me worried. That rumbling is getting louder, and the light on the horizon is quite close. I can feel heat, but I am not warm. The more the heat grows, the colder I feel. It is a terrible light and it is so close now. I feel as though the universe is unraveling.

Plus, I found someone here in the desert!

Carlos: Hi, Cecil! I am manifesting myself in your radio station for both personal and not-personal reasons.

Cecil: Carlos! Oh! Thank the imperfect heavens! I– I haven't seen you in weeks! I– I didn't know where you had gone!

Carlos: So, when I entered the house that does not exist, I found myself in this other desert world, but something happened to my team of scientists, and there was no one to let me back out! Then I c– couldn't even find the door. Eventually, your friend Dana found me...

Cecil: Now, Carlos? Why did you not call? Or Snapchat? Or reblog any of my woodcarvings of Khoshekh? I worked really hard on those.

Carlos: Cecil! How would I do that? I'm in the middle of a desert that is not of this world!

Cecil: Oh.

Carlos: There's no cell towers or wifi or any kind of communication system. Plus, I have to save my battery until I can find my way back to you–

Dana: Oh no, no! Your phone totally works here!

Carlos: Really?

Dana: Yeah! Also, I haven't charged my phone in, like, a year, the battery never ran down.

Cecil: Oh.

Carlos: Is that a Samsung?

Dana: No...No, same one you've got.

Carlos: Oh. Wow.

Dana: And the wifi is pretty decent too, just...

Carlos: Oh, look at that! Cecil, I'm on your tumblr right now! And I gotta say, the artwork is amazing.

Cecil: Oh, thank you!

Dana: I mean, time is pretty messed up, so sometimes you reply to emails before they're even sent to you, but other than that...

Cecil: Carlos? How do I get you home? D– Da– Dana! How do we get Carlos home? I– I– I would like Carlos to come home.

Carlos: I'll be able to very soon. I am working on inventing something right now.

Dana: Cecil, every time the doors are open it lets that terrible light into Night Vale. And the light is so close now we can't risk it!

Carlos: Right! You're very smart. Cecil, you have very smart interns.

Cecil: I know.

Carlos: So...I'm– I'm building a highly scientific device to keep the light away from the doors. Now, the device looks a lot like a big umbrella. ‘Kay? But it's WAY more complex and scientific than that for reasons I do not have time to explain right now. My danger meter is in the red and, scientifically speaking, red is the most dangerous color.

Cecil: Carlos? Carlos, you're fading! Dana! Where did Carlos go?

Dana: He's still here!

Carlos: Dana? I can't see Cecil anymore.

Dana: He's still here. Carlos, thank you. I may get to see my mother and my brother again because of you. You are a hero.

Carlos: I'm not a hero. I'm a scientist!

Dana: Well, then "scientist" will always be my word for hero.

Cecil: What is he saying? I can't–

Carlos: We should go. Uh, tell Cecil we won't be long at all. The– the doors should be safe to open now, I just need to finish stabilizing the device.

Dana: Cecil? We have work to do but we will be home soon.

Cecil: OK. I cannot wait to see both of you.

Carlos: Like, an hour or two, max.

Cecil: Did– did he say something? Was it– was it cute?

Intern Dana: Goodbye, Cecil.

Cecil: OK.

It is good to know we have such a talented former intern and...a brilliant scientist working together.

Once again, listeners, um, I'm also getting several frantic phone calls, uh, that have reminded me it is also election day!

So, let's check in at the alley behind City Hall! Um, Hiram? Faceless Old Woman?

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: Your revolution is meaningless! I will burn all detractors!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Yeah, Cecil, all of us are in agreement here. Me, my Green Head there, and them other three heads.

Hiram McDaniels' Gray Head: Oh, sure, just lump us all together as "the other three."

Hiram McDaniels' Blue Head: It's always just Gold talking away, like he's the most important one, and sometimes Green yells something, Green and Gold, Green and Gold.

Hiram McDaniels' Purple Head: Also, please call me Violet! You always say Purple, but I prefer Violet!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Right, yeah. So, also, uh, my Gray, Blue, and, uh, Violet Heads there.

Anyway, we all agree that once we become mayor, this whole revolution, well, it's just sort moot. If Strexcorp is still here, and the people want them gone, we'll just...y'know, throw some flames at the problem!

Faceless Old Woman: The real issue now, the real issue is getting these doors shut. There's a blinding light pouring from them and it's causing the world to become translucent. We can hear a deep rumbling sound, which I do not like. The helicopters seem unaffected. I think a terrible thing is trying to come through. Something that's secrets I do not know.

The unraveling of all things.

Fire-breathing will solve none of this.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Uhhh...ba– basically the angels, or, you know, the not-angels, they just need to shut the doors when they're done going through ‘em!

Hiram McDaniels' Purple Violet Head: Yeah, what were they born in a barn!

Faceless Old Woman: Well, according to religious texts, yes.

Cecil: Yeah, I mean...

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: I didn't read that...

Cecil: Did you not know that? I mean, that's pretty standard.

Faceless Old Woman: Anyway...I agree with Hiram.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: I'm always [unintelligible]

Faceless Old Woman: A revolution and the unraveling of the universe is all fine, but it...it would be great if you could cover the election more comprehensively. We've worked really hard.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Yeah.

Cecil: Right.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: All of us.

Cecil: Mm-hmm. I will do my best. Or...actually, maybe not my best, but some level of effort. Um, well, thank you for the updates, both of you.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: You got it.

Cecil: Listeners? You heard the candidates! The doors are open. And there is a powerful rumbling below the earth. And a bright light turning everything translucent. Probably that's bad news.

But you know, weather is weird here, so who knows? Huh.

Oh! Oh, oh! This is fantastic. Um, a couple of old friends just came by the studio.

John Peters: Howdy, Cecil!

Cecil: Uh, listeners, it is John Peters – you know, the farmer! And...Intern Maureen? Is that you?

Maureen: Yup! Sure is!

John Peters: Cecil, uh, now Dana and your science fella, they helped us get out of that other desert place. Uh, I mean, I'm the one who found all those old oak doors, and Maureen here figured out that physically going back and forth between the two worlds was possible, but those two, they helped a bunch!

Cecil: Well, great! Great work, um, all of you! And, you know I'm so glad to get to see all of my lost friends again.

John Peters: Awww, well, I just stopped by to tell you that we have seen the rumbling in the desert. We have heard the bright light entering Night Vale. Cecil, that light...it is the great glowing coils of the universe unwinding. It is the unraveling of all things. It is a Smiling God of terrible power.

Cecil: Now, how do you know all of this, John?

John Peters: Well, I was in 4H club in high school, I'm a farmer – you know – uh, you learn all this kind of stuff in 4H, seemed obvious.

Cecil: No, no, of course, I mean, uh, yeah, of course. Uh, now, Maureen, it is so nice to see you again! I mean, it's been...how long?

Maureen: Listen to me, you monster!

Cecil: Oh!

Maureen: I got you coffee, and I made mimeographs, and I sang sea shanties to the ants every single day. I even copy edited your Jaws slash fic even though that wasn't in the job description! I did! And then one day, "Oh, get me some orange juice, Maureen! I mean, I won't even tell you how it's making people blink in and out of existence!"

Cecil: Uh–

Maureen: And not only did it make me blink out of reality, but you didn't even WANT it when I brought it! Do you even know the mortality rate of your internship program?

Cecil: ...I'm not terribly sure what you mean.

Maureen: Chad, Jerry, Leland, Rob, Brad, Stacy, Richard, Paolo, Dylan, Vithya, Ziv...d'you know what they all have in common?

Cecil: Umm...they all got great training for a future career in radio?

Maureen: No! No, that's not it at all. They're–

Cecil: Oh, excuse me. Speaking of interns...Intern Jeremy had a recent run-in with the scorpions in the break room, and will be missed.

Oh! Hey, now that you're back home, are you still looking for college credit?

Maureen: [sigh] Yeah.

Cecil: Oh! Great! Uh, can you start today?

Maureen: Yeah, OK, thanks.

Cecil: Um, thank you for stopping by John!

John Peters: Oh, sure thing, Cecil. Uh, beware the unraveling of all things, and support your local farmers.

Cecil: Yes. And, um, Maureen? Can you just...pop down to the library and, uh, do some research on Smiling Gods for me?

Maureen: Fine.

Cecil: Great.

John Peters: I'm not too sure that's a good idea...

Cecil: Listeners, if John and Maureen are back, then that must mean that the doors are working again and this is fantastic news. I am now receiving reports that...the rumbling is growing louder. And people are saying that they can feel it in their feet, and in their teeth, and they are becoming forgetful and objects are becoming transparent. The darkness of Night Vale is washing away.

And what are we, Night Vale, without darkness? Without shadows? And without secrets?

Listeners, there is someone knocking on my station door, which must mean Carlos? Carlos, is that you?

49b) Old Oak Doors Part B (1 July 2014)

[Fade in, continuing from just before the point where Part A left off – first part of the sentence in brackets is not heard, but included here for context]

Cecil: [And what are we, Night Vale,] without darkness? Without shadows? And without secrets?

Listeners, there is someone knocking on my station door, which must mean Carlos? Carlos, is that you? Come in, and welcome home, my sweet Car– No.

No no, no, no, no! No. No.

Steve Carlsberg: Uh, Cecil? I was in the neighborhood and I wanted to stop by, and–

Cecil: No, Steeeeve Carlsberg! You do not get to just "stop by" the studio. You are not a radio professional.

Steve Carlsberg: All right, fair, but...I've been driving in circles around your station all day listening to the show, and... and it got me thinking.

You know, John Peters – y– you know, the farmer?

Cecil: Yes, I do know.

Steve Carlsberg: Well, he was like, "Hey, y'all, there's a Smiling God and the world is unraveling because I was in 4H club." And he's mostly right. But I think that it's not a Smiling God, but a secret underground missile testing site.

Cecil: No, listen, the Secret Underground Missile Testing Site is below the Rec Center, Steve!

Steve Carlsberg: Well, it's like the Faceless Old Woman recently said while campaigning, she said "I'm replacing all of your digital photo albums with classified pictures of secret missile testing sites."

I think the Faceless Old Woman understands what's really going on, whereas Hiram is like, "Well, I can't really be bothered with lookin' into government overspending because I am literally a five-headed dragon."

And then, his blue head is like "When you consider the mathematics, there's no benefit to us!"

And then Gray says "Thinking about government interference makes me sad."

And Violet says "We must be free above all! We must be free and also above all other things!"

And then his last head just keeps roaring and saying, "Your body bends quickly soft human protesters!"

But really, I was thinking about what your boyfriend Carlos said.

Cecil: Don't you dare, Steve Carlsberg!

Steve Carlsberg: So, he said, "I'm certain I can stop the light from entering Night Vale. I have a simple device that will protect us!"

Cecil: I am not dating a Munchkin from The Wizard of Oz. That's not– no.

Steve Carlsberg: You sure?

Cecil: I– I'm quite sure.

Steve Carlsberg: All right. Fair enough, but...look, he's – and no offense, Cecil, but – he's an outsider. He's not from here. How do we know he's not part of the super underground secret military government that is testing missiles?

Cecil: Steve Carlsberg! Did you just accuse my boyfriend of being a secret operative?

Steve Carlsberg: Well, um...yeah!

Cecil: Because that'd be pretty cool, actually!

Steve Carlsberg: No, it wouldn't! It's dangerous!

Cecil: That'd be awesome!

Steve Carlsberg: It's dangerous awesome!

Cecil: But– but it is– nevertheless, it is not true, Steve. Plus, how many times do I have to tell you that there is nothing secret about the secret missile testing? It is as American as using drug-laced apple pie to test the effects of hallucinogens on innocent citizens!

Kevin: I think he brings up a good point, Cecil!

Cecil: You! How did you get in here?

Steve Carlsberg: Hey, thanks interloper! Whoah, cool eyes!

Kevin: Oh, thank you! I wish I could say the same.

Cecil, listen, it's hard to get work done when there's all this fighting! And it's hard to smile when there's no working! And if we aren't smiling, then what value do we have?

Watch me smile!

Cecil: You monster!

Steve Carlsberg: That was really gross! Do it again!

Kevin: Look at how much better we all feel from that! But right now, no one is being productive. There are angels–

Cecil: Actually, there's not.

Steve Carlsberg: No, of course not! What?

Cecil: There's– no. Not– nope. Not a thing.

Kevin: And a desert army out there battling! For what? For Hooded Figures? For Forbidden Dog Parks? For a Glow Cloud?

[Cecil and Steve together] ALL HAIL!

Kevin: For the constant terror of a Secret Police who can invade your home at any time, without so much as a letter from Human Resources?

Cecil: But they are our Hooded Figures. And it is our Glow Cloud!

[Cecil and Steve together] ALL HAIL!

Cecil: And this is our town! And it is terrible. But it is ours. And we...we are fighting for it!

Kevin: I used to feel that way about Desert Bluffs.

So many secrets and conspiracies and darkness in our days. It all felt so important, so permanent!

But then we met the Smiling God! Oh, it was so wonderful! The sun stopped setting! Or– maybe there wasn't a sun anymore. Maybe there was just that other...brighter light. Who knows? I do know that I couldn't stop smiling. None of us could! And our smiles seemed better, fuller, wider.

Soon we had no need for government cover-ups, or secrets. Everything was transparent. Literally. You could see through everything and everyone. The bones, the blood, the scurrying insects inside every human body!

There was so much work to be done. And such a wonderful company to do it for! Even the ones that resisted the most at first soon found that they loved the Smiling God more than anyone. Even the most resistant of radio hosts soon found his way to productive work, happy songs, and a wide, gaping smile.

So, let's do this together, Cecil. Believe with me in a Smiling God! The Greater Night Vale and Desert Bluffs Metropolitan Area, a town with not one, but two happy, helpful voices.

Cecil: Listeners, Kevin has just opened up the studio door, only– it is not the studio door. It is an oak door, and...and light, a blinding light is pouring in, and everything is becoming translucent!

Kevin: Do you see, friends? The beautiful majesty of living as one under the unrelenting love of a Smiling God?

Steve Carlsberg: Wow, I mean...it's a very pretty light. You know, that company picnic of yours sure wasn't fun, but...I got more done in two weeks than in the rest of my life combined!

Cecil: No! Steve, what are you saying? No!

Steve Carlsberg: Kevin, before I step into your weird light, let me ask you about schools real fast. Now, my stepdaughter Janice is ten years old, and...the elementary schools are OK, but I don't know if I can afford to send her to private school, and she's a little bit...

Kevin: Say no more, Steve Carlsberg! Desert Bluffs schools are top-notch! Young Janice can take college prep courses as early as 12. Our charter schools even have great medical programs, where they can heal her of all her problems.

Steve Carlsberg: I'm sorry, uh, I don't get it.

Cecil: Yeah, um...Janice's uncle here. What do you mean by "heal her?"

Kevin: She can't walk, right?

Cecil: Yeah, I mean...

Steve Carlsberg: Oh no, since birth.

Cecil: She can't.

Kevin: Well, rather than build all those crazy ramps and elevators, we just fix people, so that they can become better, and more productive!

Steve Carlsberg: You are awful, and gross! And I was only being polite about your eyes! They are weird! Now you listen to me!

Cecil: Listeners, Steve Carlsberg has just picked up Kevin by his blood-stained lapels.

Kevin: Oooh! Ooh! Oh!

Steve Carlsberg: You will not change my home town! You will not change my stepbrother! And, Kevin of Desert Bluffs, you will not change, or fix, or do anything at all to my little girl!

Cecil: And– and– and Steve– Steve is carrying him to the open oak door! And– and he just pushed him through into that blinding, awful light!

Kevin: Oh, smile!

Cecil: And Kevin...is gone.

Steve Carlsberg: I did not like that guy very much.

Cecil: Me neither. Um, thanks, Steve.

Steve Carlsberg: Anything for my girl. Try and tell me there's something about her needs fixin'.

Cecil: You know, Steve, uh, we have our differences. So many differences. More differences than not, yes.

Steve Carlsberg: Yeah, I understand what you're saying about the differences.

Cecil: But, I am glad that you are there to take care of Janice, and...she could do a lot worse.

Steve Carlsberg: Oh, Cecil!

Cecil: Oh, wait, oh!

I...no. Nope, no. Never again. No. Please leave my studio and– and just stop barging in here with your stupid ideas about the world!

Steve Carlsberg: OK! I'll see ya around, Cecil!

Cecil: Great.

Steve Carlsberg: Oh, hey there! Steve Carlsberg! Aren't you important-looking? Hoo-hoo hoo-hoo!

Cecil: Dana! Dana! You are– You're actually back in the studio! And...this is not just an image or an apparition?

Dana: I am! I'm home! Our time and space finally, finally meet again!

Cecil: Oh, this is a happy, happy day!

Dana: I am so glad to see you too, Cecil! But I also came back to talk to the whole city.

[Clears throat]

People of Night Vale, there is a light drowning out our sun and our minds. But there are angels, and an army of masked warriors fighting back this terrible menace. Night Vale, stay safe! Stay home and do not get caught in the dangerous crossfire. The desert army and the angels, they are here to save us.

Tamika Flynn: People of Night Vale!

Cecil: Oh! Uh, Dana! Uh, I'm sorry, Dana, but I think that's Tamika Flynn from her secret broadcast site.

Tamika Flynn: People of Night Vale, hear me!

Dana: Tamika? The Tamika Flynn! Oh, hi, I'm Dana! I have heard so much about you! You are an inspiration, you are a hero!

Tamika Flynn: Thank you, Dana, but I am not a hero. Or we all are. Or the word has no meaning.

We must all save our town, and ourselves. People of Night Vale, I'm calling you to arms. There are beings claiming to be angels, and this foreign army of giants fighting. Why can't we?

Cecil: Well, uh– yes, that's good, but...

Dana: People of Night Vale!

Cecil: Oh.

Dana: Angels are definitely real. They are powerful, and recently very wealthy, and they are tough to kill, unlike humans who die easily and unexpectedly all the time from all sorts of little causes. Just wait and let them save us.

Cecil: Ahh, I see...

Tamika Flynn: People of Night Vale, do not be defined by how you can die, but how you can live! It is like the great writer and orator Booker T. Washington once said, "In all things social, we can be as separate as fingers, yet one as the hand in all things essential to destroying a Smiling God."

Dana: Stay safe, Night Vale! Stay indoors and we will broadcast to let you know when it's all over.

Tamika Flynn: Get out there, Night Vale! Grab anything you can and fight! Grab a slingshot and a book, say an Amy Bender Short Story Collection, or Milorad Pavic's Dictionary of the Khazars. Or, if not a book, grab a rock. Or the throwing stars that come standard in most issues of McSweeney's. Grab anything you can, and fight!

Do not believe in heroes, believe in citizens. Be a citizen.

Cecil: Dana, I– I– I know that you have planned this well, and you are incredibly smart, but...

Dana: Alright, it's fine.

Cecil: I think Tamika...

Dana: Whatever.

Cecil: ...might be right.

Dana: Not a big deal.

Cecil: Um, no, I– I think we have to...

Dana: I just brought two different armies together, whatever.

Cecil: ...all do this together, and let us not repeat our sin...

Dana: It's fine.

Cecil: ...of inaction, I mean...ugh.

It– It has grown so bright, and I cannot see much. But what I can see is nearly transparent, and...and I am forgetting. And everything is coming apart, and I can see the great glowing coils of the universe unwinding.

Night Vale, our time...our time is now! Let us raise our fists and shout! I can...I can almost hear it. I can almost hear a crowd shouting, "Take down Strex!"

I can almost hear that crowd, but I cannot quite hear them. They need to raise their hands and shout it louder! They need to shout, "Take down Strex!"

Every single one of them!

[audience joins in]

Take! Down! Strex!

Louder!

Take! Down! Strex!

And they scream it!

Take! Down! Strex!

And then, they stop. Not because they do not care, but because they are people that are far away and not part of this story.

They are part of a different story, a different fiction.

But, realizing this, they all shrug and sadly murmur to each other, "Take down Strex? Take down Strex? Yeah, take down Strex."

And then, then they are quiet. And they hope for that rarest element of all. They hope for the best.

But in this story, in this fiction, I– I hear the sound of Night Vale fighting back. And as the light of this Smiling God grows brighter, and as the shouts of this defiant Night Vale grow louder, and as I reach for my own personal copy of Kate Chopin's The Awakening (well, more specifically for the tear gas canisters that came attached to the hardback edition), I take all of you, all of us, that are fighting, all of us, together, all of us, all of us, to the weather.

["Call Off Your Ghost" by Dessa]

Cecil, recorded: Hi, you've reached the voicemail of Cecil Palmer. I'm off doing some important journalistic work. Or maybe just petting Khoshekh. But either way, leave me a message.

Carlos: Cecil, hey. Um, it's Carlos.

I– I– I hate that I got your voicemail, but listen, I figured it out.

So, we can't shut the oak doors unless everyone is back where they belong. And every moment those doors are open, more of that light gets through into Night Vale. I couldn't figure out why we couldn't just keep the doors closed for good, and it was really frustrating to have a problem I couldn't solve. And then I got sad, because I couldn't solve it. But then I did solve it, and I felt so happy! So those are some – but not all – of the emotions that I had.

Here is what I found. Night Vale is a place that is difficult to leave, and difficult to enter, and connecting a place as weird as that with a place as weird as this was causing a lot of...strain on linear time and space. So...those native to Night Vale, Dana, John, the angry woman in the Intern shirt, all had to return home, and the masked army all had to come back here, which they did. Just moments ago, the last of them came back through the door.

It is so exciting when you make a scientific discovery like that! I was very happy!

But then, as the last of the masked army members came through the door, it slammed shut and vanished. And I remembered that I am not from Night Vale.

I remembered that, as far as the laws of the universe are concerned, it is not where I belong.

Cecil, I don't even remember how I got to Night Vale in the first place. I mean, where is Night Vale, even? But I promise I will find a way back. It'll just take a couple of days, a week max.

I'll be fine. I'm a scientist.

Cecil? A scientist is usually fine.

Maybe a few weeks, I don't know.

The upside is Dana was right. I have had 97% battery all day, and decent reception! So we'll at least get to talk every night.

Best of luck at home. I love you.

Cecil: Listeners? Night Vale fought together! Every citizen!

High school football coach, Nazr al-Mujaheed, in response to the Strex workers ghastly smiles, showed them that thing that he can do with his tongue, which made many of them stop smiling and run screaming away.

A balaclava-clad man wearing a mitre, cloak, and a giant silver star and speaking through a vocoder – you know, the man that we all believe to be the Sheriff of Night Vale – was dropping heavy bricks down on the invaders from his hover-office in the clouds.

Simone Rigadeau, the transient who lives in the Earth Sciences Building at the Community College, found some experimental fish in the lab closet, and put them into the fuel tanks of the yellow helicopters, which were already incapacitated by several plastic bags that had blown out of the Forbidden Dog Park, and then, you know, wrapped themselves up in the rotors.

And Old Woman Josie, and her supposed "angel" friends, protected the empty lot where she plans to rebuild Night Vale's Old Opera House.

The Strex attackers were picked up by her winged friends and flown far into the sky, higher than even the Sheriff's hover-office.

And, of course, a group of teenagers, led by Tamika Flynn, chased out everyone at Strexcorp Headquarters by slingshotting copies of Stephen Covey's best selling self-help book, 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.

And the civilization of tiny people living below Lane 5 of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex...well, they did something. I'm– I'm not terribly sure, but, you know, ‘cause they're too tiny to be noticed amid all the action.

Which is to say, Strex has retreated!

And the blood-covered office workers are gone! And! And the old oak doors, they are also gone. And with them, that penetrating, vicious light, and we are safely in darkness once again.

A very wealthy-looking and mostly nude being named Erika, who introduced themselves as...you know, an angel, or whatever, then wrote a check to purchase Strexcorp. And, while they are not technically for sale, there was no one to decline the offer, so – according to American business law – that is a legal acquisition!

It is not yet known what the angels will do with the vast corporation they now own, and I think – at last – we are ourselves. We are Night Vale once again.

Even here, at the station, the office of station management now is just a stone slab covering a dark cave. A pulsing red glow around its edges filling my mind with sad and monstrous visions when I walk past the door.

So it seems like our old management is back in charge!

And that is...well, I think that's a good thing. I think. I mean, it's possible that that is, in fact, terrifying news, so...I think...I guess...we won!

Faceless Old Woman: Speaking of winning...

Cecil: Yes! Right! The election! Okay.

Well, it looks like we didn't quite get all of the votes in yet, so we are going to speed things up. Listeners? Listeners, wherever you are listening to this, just follow along.

When I say the name of the candidate you prefer, raise your hand.

So, I will say the name, you raise your hand, and the cameras that are everywhere in town, watching your every move, will count your vote.

So, raise your hand to vote for Hiram McDaniels.

Hiram McDaniels' Gray Head: Oooooooh, I thought there would be more. Do they not like me?

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: RAISE YOUR HANDS FOR ME! OR I WILL RELIEVE YOU OF THE BURDEN OF HAVING HANDS!

Hiram McDaniels' Blue Head: Up!

Cecil: All right. OK. Hands down.

Now, raise your hand for the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home.

Faceless Old Woman: I– I am in your home at this very moment. I am, in a way, your guest. It would be rude, as a host, if you did not raise your hand for me while I was sitting right there, unseen, next to you.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Now, now, now...

Faceless Old Woman: It might make me angry. I've never been angry. I wonder what I'm like when I'm angry? It will be interesting for us to find out together if you do not raise your hand for me.

Cecil: Oh, OK. OK. Great. Hands down.

Now, I am fairly certain that some of you voted for both. And thus, negated yourselves. You'll know if one of your friends did this, because they will soon fade from existence forever.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Yup, very good.

Cecil: Anyway, that's all the votes in but, of course, none of the votes matter because the election is decided by the pulses coming from Hidden Gorge. I am now being handed the results by an election official in full uniform – a plague doctor mask, an off-brand Snuggie, and stilts.

And the next mayor of Night Vale is...

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: I just wanna thank every person who voted for me. You're all winners in my book!

Hiram McDaniels' Blue Head: And we've recorded all of your names right here in this book.

Faceless Old Woman: I just ate one of your highlighters. I'm sorry. I'm nervous. I'll replace it with a crow's feather just as soon as I am mayor.

Cecil: Oh. Well, it says here that the next mayor of Night Vale is Dana Cardinal!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Uhh...heh.

[Crowd chants Dana! Dana! Dana!]

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: I–I–I–I–I'm sorry, Cecil, Cecil, I don't want to get obnoxious about this, but it's pronounced "Hiram." That wasn't even close.

Cecil: I– I know, I– I'm sorry, this must be a disappointment to you both, but I– I'm just reading what the Gorge is decreeing.

Faceless Old Woman: Your former intern Dana? But...she wasn't even a candidate!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Yeah, na– oh.

Faceless Old Woman: And she's so...young and not ancient!

Cecil: Well, Dana, the intern who came home, it is – like I told you once – you were always important –

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE! PREPARE TO BURN!

Cecil: You were always somebody, and now age has uncovered the you that was always...

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: RRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!

Cecil: OK. Hiram? Please. I'm– I'm– I'm in the middle of doing something right now.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Sorry ‘bout him.

Cecil: It's the you that – no, it's the you that always was, but...I can't remember what I said.

Faceless Old Woman: She can't be mayor! She is a murderer! She killed her own double!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Well, now, now, now, I don't know if "murder" should necessarily disqualify someone from being...

Hiram McDaniels' Blue Head: Irrelevant. There is a 50% chance that the victim was Dana Original and not Dana Double.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Oh yeah, thanks, Blue. Forget that other thing I was saying about murder. She has no proof that she is not a double of herself.

Cecil: That's right, there's no proof of...

Faceless Old Woman: Everybody knows that being a double is one of the few manifestations of reality that cannot be Night Vale mayor! I do not accept these results. I am continuing my campaign, and I will make sure that Dana does not stay mayor for long.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: And I find myself agreeing with the Faceless Old Woman. We will not rest until one of us is rightfully mayor.

Hiram McDaniels' Green Head: OR UNTIL NIGHT VALE BURNS TO ASHES AND FUMES!

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Exactly, Green, yes. Exactly that.

Cecil: Now, I really must object to all of this.

Faceless Old Woman: Come, Hiram. You and I have planning to do.

Hiram McDaniels' Gold Head: Yeah.

Cecil: Well. Once again, it's just you and me, listeners. The bustle of this day has come and gone. And now, there is the quiet night.

The universe is unraveling. It still is. We won the day. We won the battle. We won whatever unit of measurement you care to say that we won. We returned to the dangerous equilibrium we had before, which we can only assume, or hope, or wish is better. But, of course, we did not stop the unraveling of the universe. The universe is not a thing that is, it is not a thing at all. It is the very action of its going. It is, in fact, its own dissolves and our lives – the entire span of human existence going back and back and, if we are lucky, forward and forward – the entire span is spent within this dissolve.

So look at the fleeting stars with fleeting eyes, and feel how the earth beneath you gives. It is all a temporary manifestation of particles, and it is all unraveling back to particulate silence. The bustle of the human day will come and will go. And then there will be night.

But how beautiful these moments within the dissolve! What a temporary perfection we can find within this passing world! Everything good ever done! Everything good that was done today, and all the good people doing it, and back and back and forward and forward, all of that beauty within a universe unraveling.

Be proud of your place in the cosmos. It is small, and yet it is. How unlikely! How fantastic! And stupid. And excellent. And...

I'm sorry. I– I'm sorry, um, it looks like I have a voicemail from Carlos. He must have called during the weather. Um, I apologize, listeners, I– I have to check this, so...stay tuned next for more of us and more of me, until that inevitable distant point where I and this and everything must end.

And as always...goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

50) Capital Campaign (15 July 2014)

Home is where the heart is. We found it one day in the sink. It hums things late at night, but they are not songs.

Welcome to Night Vale.

If there's one thing I've learned as a proud citizen of Night Vale, it's that horses are incredibly susceptible to suggestions from government satellites. But I've also learned that Night Vale is a community that cares about education. Night Vale is a community that fears education. Night Vale is a community that allows education to happen the way terrified campers allow bears to eat their food.

"Education is important," say whispers with no obvious source we all hear every night.

College graduation rates in our little town are above the national average. We bravely continue to promote literacy in spite of the terrible dangers associated with books. Our truancy rates have significantly declined, due to the Sheriff's Secret Police's program of humane, low-fatality taserings.

So, I know we can count on all of you to support the Night Vale Community College Capital Campaign, which was launched this past Monday to fund the establishment of a new Science Center for students.

Science, I especially believe, is very important.

College president Sarah Sultan announced, "In our present, rapidly changing technological environment, it is more important than ever to encourage students to consider study and careers in all the sciences. Except astronomy," she added, pretending she was coughing. "Nobody cares about Astronomy," she said, obviously under a cough.

Reporters stood quiet and confused about how President Sultan could make such an announcement, as she is a smooth, fist-sized river rock, and has no visible mouth, and likely no internal organs, muscles, or passageways that can create a human-sounding voice.

"Telephathy," President Sultan said with a cough. "It's telepathy, you guys," she said in all of our minds.

Fundraising opportunities like these can make a huge different to small local colleges. So please, Night Vale, consider making a contribution.

As always, you can give to the Capital Campaign by burying your check, cash, or credit card donation in warm, wet earth, and whispering "I know what you did! I do not forget!"

I've gotten a lot of calls, emails, telegrams, and sympathetic glances the past couple of weeks, from people who are wondering if Carlos the scientist has returned from the Other World desert he is trapped in. And here I remind you that he became trapped there while saving our city from treacherous dark forces. I remind you he is a hero. I remind you that my boyfriend is a hero.

Sadly, Carlos is still in the desert – the same desert our new mayor was once trapped in. Fortunately, as Dana discovered, cell phone batteries last forever there, and there's pretty good wifi, despite there being just vast amounts of sand and...apparently, a mountain. But if our mayor can make it out fine, I think a scientist can too. Scientists are always fine.

Listeners? I've been seeing all the reviews for that new restaurant, Tourniquet. Sounds like executive chef LaShawn Mason has created a real culinary hit! It's almost impossible to get a reservation there. I tried to get a table for...for just one, of course, and the nearest available date was not for another two months! And even then, it wasn't a reservation for Tourniquet, but for Applebee's. Actually, you know what? I think I've been looking at the Applebee's website. It's very easy to misspell Tourniquet. Anyway.

Gia Samuels' review in the latest issue of the Night Vale Daily Journal mentioned Tourniquet sous chef Earl Harlan, and that surprised me. He was a childhood friend of mine, and I had no idea he was a professional chef! It also surprised me because he was dragged away screaming by the herd of mute children at last year's Eternal Scout ceremonies. Very few ever survive Boy Scout Courts of Honor – especially not those dragged away by the mute children – so it's good to see Earl back home and safe, and likely returning to his volunteer duties as scoutmaster! I hope, one day, I can get a reservation to his fine restaurant.

Umm, let me see...nope, nothing. Oh! Wait! Yes! Yes! I got one! I– oh. Nope. No, I'm on the Applebee's website again. Never mind.

An update on the progress of the Night Vale Community College Capital Campaign:

Thanks to the generous donations of Night Vale citizens, the campaign has already reached 30% of its target goal. A particularly notable gift was made by local eccentric recluse and proud alumna, Mrs. Sylvia Wickersham. The college fundraising staff was caught off guard by this donation, as no one has heard from or seen Mrs. Wickersham in over a decade. Also, the gift was a fine porcelain vase, filled with two dozen English Angora rabbits.

College representatives expressed their gratitude for Mrs. Wickersham's generous and super-cute contribution, of course, but would like to remind the greater community that it is preferred that donations be made via cash, check, credit card, spinal columns, or other common negotiable currencies.

"Money," college representatives added helpfully, through the narrow crack of a slightly-lifted manhole cover on Main Street. "You know, the kind you use to procure goods and services when you still have a physical form," they added in spray-painted bubble graffiti on the side of an abandoned warehouse near the train tracks.

More on this as there is more on this.

Night Vale, our new leader is almost here! This Friday is Inauguration Day for our new mayor, Dana Cardinal, who used to be an intern at this very radio station! Dana may in fact be the most successful intern this station has ever had. So few of our interns have ever gone on to do anything. Important. Gone on to do anything important.

Inauguration of new mayors includes a swearing in ceremony that takes place behind a think velvet curtain. The curtain is raised a few inches, and all the press and public are shown a few shuffling feet and hear loud, high-pitched shouts. They mayoral swearing in ceremony is the one point in Night Vale's political calendar where citizens may voice their opinions and beliefs without risking reprisal or imprisonment. They are, in fact, encouraged to shout even the most forbidden beliefs and thoughts during the ceremony – openly, and without fear.

The event will take place in an undisclosed location 200 miles from Downtown Night Vale and will be exactly two minutes long.

Former mayoral candidates, the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home and Hiram McDaniels, who is literally a five-headed dragon, have both declared this a botched election and are filing for a recount by shouting their complaints into the side of a canyon wall they think might be Hidden Gorge. No one can tell exactly where Hidden Gorge is, which is how it got its name: Gorge.

It doesn't matter. I'm ecstatic for our new mayor! It'll be weird having a former intern as a leader, but I just think she'll do a wonderful job! Congratulations, old young friend!

I've just been informed that Mrs. Sylvia Wickersham has made another large donation to the Night Vale Community College Capital Campaign, this one consisting of 1,000 live and extremely fluffy rabbits. The Capital Committee is beginning to have difficulty finding space on campus to house her donations. What foliage existed on campus has been immediately devoured. Several of the botany program's greenhouses have been broken into and ransacked. And many of the rabbits have reportedly entered the Student Center, refusing to wait in line before ordering at the snack bar, and taking way more napkins than they need.

In order to make the most of this impressive endowment, the Capital Committee is currently discussing the possibility of...re-purposing some of the rabbits towards resident's life operations. English Angora rabbits are well-known for their thick, soft, silky wool – so the college's Student Housing Office feels this presents an opportunity to make new blankets and rugs and hats and blindfolds for students, as well as winter cloaks for the coyote-faced advisers that lurk about the Student Programs Office.

Representatives have attempted to contact Mrs. Wickersham to discuss the possible redistribution of her generous gifts, bu without success. More curiously, when attempting to visit Mrs. Wickersham's home, committee members were informed by her neighbors that they have never actually seen Mrs. Wickersham, but they often have dreams of her.

"I mean, she never looks like herself," each of the neighbors stated. "Generally she appears as a hovering green box that pulses with light, and her voice sounds like an oboe playing a whole note, but like, in the dream kind of way where I totally know it's her," they concluded.

Some committee members raised questions about how an incorporeal dream-being could donate wild animals, and also if maybe...she could stop doing that. Those members were quietly removed from the room by other committee members.

In any case, Night Vale, let us hold Mrs. Wickersham in our thoughts – and of course, dreams – and hope for her safe return. Or, possibly for an end to her rabbit donations. Both would be nice, but...let's not be greedy Night Vale! We all take what we can get in this life, you know? We take what we can get.

Ahh, bad news from the Night Vale Community College, listeners. A donation of 5,000 English Angora rabbits in the name of Mrs. Sylvia Wickersham have just arrived at the college's fundraising headquarters. It's uncertain how they found their way there, as said headquarters had already been relocated to the Underground Emergency Fundraiser-Related Disaster Bunker, constructed in the 1970s by Dr. Erless Bedermayer, the Community College's all-time second-least popular president.

As of last report, the rabbits have invaded and taken over control of fundraising headquarters – using dedicated telephone lines to make personal calls, uttering insensitive remarks about the body types of students and staff, and tilting the vending machines in clear violation of safety labeling.

Simone Rigadeau, the transient who lives in the Earth Sciences building, says these are typical behaviors for this breed of rabbit, and that she is not surprised. She also repeated her claim that the world ended more than 30 years ago, before grunting some French cuss words and disappearing into a small, round hole in the wall.

The 6,800 rabbits – more rabbits now than students – are running amok throughout campus. They have disrupted lectures and shown flagrant disrespect for faculty, they have joined academic and social organizations, and are engaged in irresponsible drinking. There are even reports that these vulgar, cuddly rodents broke into the college president's office and licked viciously on President Sultan for several minutes before her administrative assistant could free her.

Listeners, this is an urgent situation. These rabbits – well, all rabbits, really – are a menace, and they now have access to all the advantages of higher education. I advise you to lock your bookshelves, eat your diplomas, and place any vulnerable stones or rocks in your home on high inaccessible shelves. If you see a rabbit, do not attempt to engage it in debate on post-structuralism, semiotics, gender politics, or sporting events.

Even as I speak to you college officials and the Sheriff's Secret Police are desperately searching for Mrs. Wickersham, hoping top mitigate some of the damage that is being done.

I hope they find her, Night Vale! I hope that the rabbits do not find us! I hope that we all find something – or someone – that can keep the light on a little longer against the endless pressing dark.

And in the meantime, I take you now to the weather.

["Ghost Story" by Charming Disaster]

We have received information that agents of the Sheriff's Secret Police broke down the door to Mrs. Sylvia Wickersham's neo-Victorian home on the east side of town. Their search of the house found it completely empty and uninhabited, with the exception of a small green tree lizard sunning itself in the front parlor.

The Sheriff's Secret Police grabbed the lizard and were on the verge of eating it, as none of them had had lunch that day – well, I mean...some raisins and a few roasted almonds, but that's not really a full lunch, and lizards are a complete protein – but the Capital Compaign Committee stopped them.

"This is Mrs. Wickersham," said a committee member.

"This is Mrs. Wickersham?" said the Secret Policeperson.

"Yes," the committee member said, explaining further that Mrs. Wickersham was a "High-Level Donor" to the college. At certain levels, donors receive benefits like mugs, or tote bags, or names carved into blood stones. At higher levels, donors receive very special benefits, like being able to invade the dreams of their neighbors, or having all of their belongings taken from their home, or...being transformed, permanently, into a tree lizard.

"Most of our benefactors choose a Gila, or skink, or chunkwalla," the committee member said, quoting from the college's own fundraising brochure as the lizard form of Mrs. Wickersham dangled and squirmed above the Sheriff's Secret Policeperson's gaping purple maw.

"Mrs. Wickersham takes a lot of pride in her alma mater," the committee member explained, "and she has donated so much to the college. None of it has ever been money, but she is a valued donor to the community," continued the committee member, as a brass band somewhere else in the world, and completely unrelated to this story, played eighth notes quickly, but softly.

"Why did you make a big fuss about it and call us here?" said the Secret Policeperson.

"Oh, that?" said the committee member, shrugging. "It was just, uh...good publicity for our Capital Campaign."

The Sheriff's Secret Police coaxed the tree lizard into a comfortable vivarium filled with fresh reptile bark, wrote EVIDENCE on the side of it in Sharpie, and removed it to an undisclosed location near the microwave in the Secret Police break room.

In her absence, Mrs. Wickersham's next-of-kin was found to legally be her dry cleaner, Ben Burnham, who was amenable to the idea of retracting Mrs. Wickersham's donation – more specifically, what he said was "Yeah, sure, whatever. What do I care? All the colleges are just factories for little socialist robots these days anyway. BEEP-BOOP-BEEP-BOOP! Free health care for everybody! BEEP-BOOP-BEEP-BOOP-BEEP-BOOP I'm a robot!"

Then he began to – without breaking eye contact – eat the plastic hanging bags on his desk, starting from the top and working his way down.

The rabbits have been removed, and re-donated to the Night Vale Petting Zoo. This worked out well, since until today the Night Vale Petting Zoo has only ever housed emaciated wolves. But now, thanks to Mr. Burnham's donation (on behalf of Mrs. Wickersham) of nearly 8,000 cuddly rabbits, those wolves will not be hungry again for months!

Despite all interruptions, the Night Vale Community College Capital Campaign has actually surpassed it's undisclosed goal, and construction of the Science Center is slated to begin this coming Summer.

The Capital Committee would like to extend its thanks to everyone who donated. A community that cares for education, after all, is a community that cares for its future – with all the fear and respect and awe that the future is due.

Knowledge may be terrible, but we can only prefer it to ignorance. Light may be terrible, but we can only prefer it to the dark.

Stay tuned next for a reality that cannot possibly match expectations.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

51) Rumblings (1 August 2014)

Cecil: Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It's a cloud! It's a moon! Also, some stars! There are so many things in the sky!

Welcome to Night Vale.

New Night Vale mayor, and former intern at this very station, Dana Cardinal announced today that she wants to open the Dog Park for public use. Said Dana – or, I guess I should start saying Mayor Cardinal – "Dog parks should be used for dogs and owners to exercise and play. A dog park should be a fun gathering place for citizens to meet and socialize. Not a secretive patch of municipal darkness full of conspiracy warning signs."

Only moments into her announcement, the City Council entered the Press Room, walking in synchronous steps, hips together, teeth apart, blocking the view of reporters and photographers, and unplugging the mayor's microphone. The Council shuffled away to the Council Chambers, taking the mayor with them.

Twenty minutes later Mayor Cardinal reemerged, wearing several large ivory rings and a long cerulean cape. She announced that dogs are not allowed in the Dog Park. People are not allowed in the Dog Park. You may see hooded figures in the Dog Park – but not for long, as there are now plans to reinforce the fence around the Dog Park.

Oh, listeners! Guess who we've got on the phone line now? I'll give you a hint: he saved Night Vale a few weeks ago by shutting out a great terror trying to invade us from another world.

Carlos: It wasn't just me!

Cecil: Also, he's my boyfriend. And a scientist. And I miss him.

Carlos: I miss you, too.

Cecil: That's right! My boyfriend is a hero. Please welcome to our show, Carlos the Scientist.

Carlos: [chuckles] You're too much!

Cecil: Listeners, Carlos had to stay behind in whatever strange desert Other World, which was very brave of him, even though he's now very far away from people that love him. Any luck getting back through to Night Vale?

Carlos: Not yet. Oh! But, I've been exploring this strange rumbling noise here. It's the same rumbling noise we heard when that terrible light was coming into Night Vale.

Cecil: Are you safe? Is everything OK?

Carlos: Actually, there it is again. When we shut the doors the rumbling and the unbearably bright light went away. This empty desert, with the mountain and the lighthouse and the large wandering army, all seemed so normal, you know? But last night the rumbling returned.

There it is again. I need to grab my instruments.

Cecil: I...I can't hear it!

Carlos: I'll call you back.

Cecil: No! No! Carlos, I...Ugh. Every time. I never know when you'll call back.

Well, speaking of the town being safe, our neighboring town, Desert Bluffs, ran a full-page ad in the Sunday Extra-Large Imagination Edition of the Night Vale Daily Journal this week that said, I imagined, "Thank you for having us, Night Vale. Best of luck in your future‽"

I can't tell if that's an exclamation point or a question mark there. What a weird font! It's like someone put paint, or some other thick liquid on the tip of a sharp finger and then hand wrote this ad. It's just like that.

Then, at the bottom, it has a photo of your face, dear listener! And the same finger-painted lettering that reads, "Blessings from a Smiling God."

Wow! Where did they get that photo of you? Although, honestly, it's not a bad photo...I mean, you look just adorable when you're sleeping!

I know this farewell ad may seem like a kind gesture, but...good riddance to those monsters! No one is happier than me to see us run Desert Bluffs out of town.

Meanwhile, there has been a lot of construction noise, like horns, see-saws, parrot shrieking, et cetera, from the old Strexcorp headquarters at the lip of Radon Canyon. Several tall beings with wings, who all introduce themselves as Erika, were seen hanging around outside while a Sheriff's Secret Police representative ran frantically between onlookers, putting her hand over each person's eyes and shouting, "You're not seeing anything real!"

Well I, for one, am excited to learn what these...of course, completely non-existent angels plan to do with the huge malevolent corporation they purchased.

Oh! Also, I stopped by the office of station management. Seems like our community radio station was purchased back from Strexcorp by our original owners, whom I have never met – or seen – and who, until recently, had run this radio station for centuries. It's nice to have all these familiar faces back! Or...not faces, more like muffled screams and chattering echoes and pulsing orange lights surrounding dark stone doors that are never in the same place you remember them being.

Just a quick stroll past the new old boss' office brought me back to the good old days, as I crumbled to the floor, struck numb and blind with flashes of hideous daydreams, a history's worth of deaths that were not my own. How great to be back to the way we were!

Ahh, the good old days! The fearful, terrible, deadly, good old days!

Oh, my phone's buzzing! Carlos? Hello? Carlos, are you back on the line?

Carlos: Yes. So...there's a lighthouse here in the desert. It's on top of a tall mountain, and there's a blinking red light on the top of this lighthouse, and this blinking red light always blinks, OK? That's what it does. But now that the rumbling has returned...can– can you hear the rumbling from your end, Cecil?

Cecil: No.

Carlos: It's very loud! But when the rumbling happens, the blinking red light stops blinking. It just stays on.

Cecil: What do you think that means?

Carlos: I don't know! I've talked with some of the army of men and women and others who roam about this desert, and they look frightened. They have never seen the blinking light stop blinking! It is what a blinking light is supposed to do, and fear is what happens when a thing that has always behaved one way does not behave that way at all. They run and hide now when they hear the rumbling and see the static red light up on the mountain. I, too, am starting to feel scared.

Cecil: Carlos? Remember how you got into that desert in the first place. You went through a door in a house that did not seem to exist. Have you found any of those doors yet?

Carlos: Not yet, no.

Cecil: Carlos? Look for those doors. There must be at least one left somewhere!

Carlos: I'll start looking very soon, OK? But listen, Cecil? I'd really like to figure out this rumbling/red light thing. I'm a scientist. I need to discover/understand things. It's what I do!

Cecil: But...couldn't you look for the door while you figure it out?

Carlos: I'll look for the door some tomorrow. For sure I will.

Cecil: Well, that's not what I was going to...

Carlos: The rumbling's gone! Did you hear that?

Carlos: I've got to run. I need to find Doug.

Cecil: Who's Doug? Wait, Carlos, who's Doug? Carlos?

OK.

Well, I guess let's just have a look at today's horoscopes.

Leo: Need a penny, take a penny. Have a penny? Take another penny! Pennies are worthless, but go ahead and take them all. Build a great fortune only to have its great copper weight crush your lifeless pauper body.

Virgo: Don't shoot the messenger, Virgo! It's noisy, and will alert others of your crime. Lure the messenger inside. Make sure no one saw him come in. Choose something quieter than a gun. Perhaps suffocation, or an accidental fall. Really plan these things out. Stop being so trigger happy, Virgo!

Libra: Do you believe in ghosts? You don't? Well, won't you be surprised when you wake up in the middle of the night tonight! Scream loud enough so the neighbors can hear you.

Scorpio: You are respected by your peers. You are a great thinker and leader. You...wait, what is this? This is definitely not the right reading for a Scorpio, it must be a typo. I bet the stars meant to say: You should hear what they're saying about you. Very funny things, Scorpio! They're saying very funny things at your expense, you jerk! Yep, that's definitely what the stars meant to say.

Sagittarius: The best revenge is living well. The second-best is tasteless slow-acting poison. Maybe it's more of a tie. Either way, you got wronged, and you need to set things right, Sagittarius!

Capricorn: ‘Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all, which is better than to have never loved at all, but also somehow lost a love, thus creating a paradox. Paradoxes are bad, Capricorn. Be careful, or logic will destroy you.

Aquarius: Your boyfriend is trapped in an alternate desert dimension. It is difficult to say when he will return. Perhaps take up drinking while crying in a quiet room.

Wow! That's a very specific and...painful horoscope. Thanks for nothing, stars!

Pisces: A train leaves a station traveling west at 40 miles per hour. Another train leaves a station traveling east at 60 miles per hour. These two trains left on different days, in different years, in different countries. How long until the passengers acknowledge their own impermanence?

Aries: I think they saw you, Aries. Hold still. They cannot see you if you do not move. Shhhhhh! Don't move! Don't move! Don't– Nope, they saw you. So long, Aries!

Taurus: Someone misses you a lot, Taurus. And even though you have nothing but endless time trapped out in a nightmarish desert hellscape, you have a hard time making a phone call longer than ten minutes. Maybe call a bit more than you do, Taurus!

Yep, that's just some astrological advice from the stars.

Gemini: You know those eight spiders a year you eat in your sleep? Well, they add up. They are all organizing a pretty dramatic escape. Very soon, Gemini! Very soon!

Cancer: "The ocean is vast," you convince yourself, walking alone between the trees. "The sky is endless," you mutter repeatedly, trying to finally lull yourself to sleep. "Matter can neither be created nor destroyed," you contemplate, despite not understanding the first part of the statement. "What's on the Food Network tonight?" you say aloud to a stranger you have known for years.

This has been today's horoscopes.

Ah! He's calling in again! Carlos?

Carlos: Cecil, the rumbling has started again. The mountain is moving up and down, like...breathing. There are creaks and groans in the earth, in the stones, that together sound like a growl, an undulating snarl of something much bigger than anything that should ever be able to snarl.

Cecil, this is a strange place, and considering where I've lived for the past couple years, that says a lot. I know Dana used to be trapped here and she has told you about it. I mean, I used to wonder how she could call and text you from this place for an entire year with no cell towers or power outlets, but I've been here for weeks and I have three bars (only 4G, but still), and 97% battery, which was the charge I had when I came through the door in the House that Doesn't Exist.

In a temporary peace between the rumblings, I walked with some of the desert army toward a small patch of discolored sand. We found a swath of damp dirt, just a handful of red mud, and in that mud were several tiny white bones. Looked like long legs and short wings of a creature I can't even imagine! I look forward to figuring out exactly what this is. I'll be able to imagine it then!

Cecil: Carlos, I don't think it's safe there! Listen, I want you to find a way to–

Carlos: Cecil? Nothing and nowhere is safe. But there are things greater than us. Greater than all of this (so, you can't see it, but I just made a big sweeping hand gesture to indicate everything in the universe), and there are people who must learn about it all. How it all works, and why. This is what we call science!

Cecil: Yes, I know what science is.

Carlos: And I am a scientist.

Cecil: OK, I understand. Ugh. It's just...it's just that I miss you, and–

[rumbling sound in the background]

Cecil: Oh! Oh my! The building is shaking!

Carlos: You can feel it? You can feel the rumbling? Ooh, this is exciting! Wait, this is new! The ground is moving very quickly. There is a large lump churning the sound up and down, I'm leaning out over this ledge to get a better view of this fantastic event, and....ow!

Cecil: Carlos! What happened?

Carlos: I got hit. What is that? Is that a rock? Oww!

Cecil: Carlos!

Carlos: Cecil, the rocks are coming down. They're coming down the side of this hill. I need to take cover, I need to find a–

Cecil: Carlos. Carlos?

Listeners, while the earth still shakes, take shelter. This does not feel like one of our government-scheduled earthquakes, but if I were you I would still do as the earthquake safety mascot, Duncan the Brown Recluse Spider, always says: "I'm small, and I hide a lot, so it's easy to be safe."

And with that, I take you now to the weather.

["Echo in the Hills" by Carrie Elkin and Danny Schmidt]

Cecil: Carlos, are you there? Carlos?

Carlos: I'm here.

Cecil: Are you OK?

Carlos: I'm fine. A scientist is always fine. Doug was really helpful!

Cecil: Who is Doug?

Carlos: He's one of the members of this great masked army. He must be a captain of some sort, given his size and the respect he appears to garner. As the rocks and boulders came down, Doug picked up a large, flat stone and held it above us. The rocks bounced off his makeshift shield.

Unfortunately, I dropped my phone. I smashed the phone something good. I thought I lost you for a while there, Cecil. I was despairing that my one way to reach you would be lost for who knows how long. But then, you know what? Something really amazing happened! Something tremendous! The phone healed itself!

Cecil: Oh! That's...that's great!

Carlos: It is great! But phones don't just heal themselves. This is another scientific mystery I can't wait to get to the bottom of.

Cecil: Where is Doug now?

Carlos: Oh, I don't know. He's probably back at the encampment. They're a nomadic army. Sometimes they are here, sometimes not. I don't really have time to make new friends. They're nice people, but there is a lot of work for me to do here. And...the only person I truly care about isn't in this desert anyway.

I do not know what the rumbling is. I do not know why some doors work and others do not. I do not know why my phone never loses battery power and can heal itself. I do not know how long it will take me to pursue this knowledge.

But I do know two things.

Cecil: What is that?

Carlos: I love you.

Cecil: I love you, too. What's the other thing?

Carlos: You just said it.

Cecil? I have to go. Be patient with me. We have our phones. We have our voices, and you have the best voice of them all.

Cecil: Thanks for being on the air with me. We did almost the entire show together!

Carlos: We can still do things together, even in absence. I'll be back again soon.

Cecil: Find that door, Carlos!

Carlos: I will. But first I need to see if the red light is blinking again or not.

Cecil: OK. Bye, Carlos.

Listeners, I wish I could tell you where the rumbling came from, and that we are safe from it. The Sheriff's Secret Seismology Team announced that today's rumbling, which caused quite a bit of structural damage and knocked out power for one third of the town, did not register at all on the Richter scale, which is a thing seismologists use to assign two-dimensional numbers to complex multidimensional physical events.

But the upshot is we are all alive for however many two-dimensional numbers we have left.

Stay tuned next for the sound of future becoming the present – becoming the past – in no time at all.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

52) The Retirement of Pamela Winchell (15 August 2014)

Now is your chance.

Well, that was it. It's over. Did you do it? Have you achieved what you wanted?

No? Aah, well.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Former mayor Pamela Winchell called an emergency press conference today to announce that she is enjoying her retirement immensely, and she could not be happier to no longer be mayor.

"More happiness is not possible," she wailed. "Happiness is a fool's daydream."

She was then reminded by reporters that she is no longer mayor, and so shouldn't be calling emergency press conferences, especially when there is none of the usual emergencies happening – like seeing an interesting butterfly, eating a very good sandwich, or being disappointed that it is 2:00 already.

I sought a statement from current mayor Dana Cardinal who is, of course, a former intern and dear friend of mine. I found her at the end of a dark hallway, draped with rotting black cloth and thick with cobwebs, where she was sitting on the Mayoral Throne and contemplating her hands.

"I thought it would be different than this," she said. "But it's exactly what it is."

I asked her specifically her thoughts on former mayor Pamela Winchell continuing to call emergency press conferences.

"Oh!" Mayor Dana said. And then, again, "Oooh." And then, "She can do that if she wants. I'm too busy these days to do press conferences anyway. Tell you what:"

And then, she did tell me what, which is that she is naming Pamela Winchell the Official Night Vale Director of Emergency Press Conferences.

When informed of this news, Pamela made a swiping, dismissive gesture with her hands, saying "I don't need her permission. I'll call them if I want. Anyway, I'm retired."

She was crying. She smiled, and she cried.

"I'm retired," she continued, "but that's very, very nice of her. What a wonderful woman. I'm going to call an emergency press conference to let people know what a wonderful woman the new mayor is," she concluded.

And now, a word from our sponsors:

Today's sponsor is the concept of itching.

Listeners, are you looking for an action that will pass the time, but also is mildly irritating? Searching for a way to have your body express reaction to material it is allergic to? Want to express confusion in the most stereotypical manner possible? I am just thrilled to be here on behalf of itching.

Itching has been with humans as long as there has been humans. Longer than that, even! Why, beings have been having to scratch themselves almost as long as they've been being.

It can be fun! It mostly won't be. But, if it's your thing, or if it's in a spot that's easy to reach, then it can sort of be fun! I'm not saying it will definitely be fun, it probably won't be.

The concept of itching. For a free sample, just think about it. Oh? There you go! See? You're experiencing it right now!

This has been a word from our sponsors.

Pamela Winchell called an emergency press conference to announce that, while she thanks the current mayor for her generous offer, after some thought and discussion with a couple of helpful advisers, she simply is too busy being retired to accept.

"I'm just too busy fishing," she said, wildly waving a fishing rod around, slapping it on her podium, and narrowly avoiding catching several reporters with the absurdly oversized hook, as they ducked and scrambled out of reach. "See?" she continued. "I'm fishing right now! This is what fishing looks like, I'm pretty sure," she continued, cracking the thick, leather fishing line like in that popular and heartwarming series of adventure movies about a wisecracking archaeologist who comically destroys countless important artifacts under the hilarious misapprehension that they belong in his museum rather than in the religious sites of the cultures that made them.

As the reporters ran from her dangerous, flailing fishing line, she shouted, "This concludes my emergency press conference about my complete retirement from emergency press conferences. Please assemble again in three hours for an emergency press conference that will update you on my retirement status."

She then took hold of a rope, dangling from the hastily-painted blue backdrop that we all assume is the sky, and was lifted up through a door, shaking the flimsy particle board known as "the sky" as she went.

In other news, Strexcorp Synernists, Inc., a company which, until recently, had something of an outsized effect on our town, is now under the control of beings who call themselves angels...and who do not, legally, exist. The existence of the company itself is therefore something of a moral/ethical question, the kind that philosophers consider in their secret black market philosophy meetings.

Despite all the difficulties in discussing its very concept, Strex and its new owners have gone about making what they say are constructive repairs to a town damaged by its recent battle with a force that seemed – but was not – greater than our own.

For instance, they gave Teddy Williams, of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, the funds to hire contractors to renovate his building, and cover over Lane 5 with asphalt, thus trapping the tiny civilization beneath it that is still declaring war on us.

A so-called angel said in a statement, "I have donated a coffee table made of human bones to charity, and will use the money I save on taxes to invest in the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex because angels, if we were real, would certainly love to bowl. Or whatever," the creature added.

Meanwhile, I've been getting regular calls and snapchats from Carlos – you know, my hero scientist boyfriend – from the desert otherworld he is very temporarily trapped in. He'll be back super soon. He says that he found a cactus, only it's not a cactus, only it is. He says it's difficult to explain, and that he really wants to explain it. That is what he is for, he said, to explain a world that defies explanation.

He sent me a photo of the cactus, but it only appeared on my phone as an error box that said, "Even if you could, you would wish you hadn't."

Well, it sounds like he's having fun out there! That's...that's good.

Pamela Winchell called another emergency press conference to show just how well she's doing without the need to call emergency press conferences.

"Retirement is great!" she said. "I've taken up bird watching."

She then showed off this new hobby...in the process, demonstrating a deep misunderstanding of both the concept of birds, and the concept of watching. The resulting fire wiped out the podium and, indeed, the entire Press Conference Gazebo, sending both Pamela and the attending reporters fleeing in every direction.

"See how wonderful being retired is?" she shouted behind her as she sprinted away, smoke-fueled tears streaming from her sunken eyes. "I love being retired! It's the best!" she concluded, as the fire spread to several nearby structures despite the earnest lectures and head-shaking from Night Vale's brigade of brave Fire Disapprovers.

Ohhh! Listeners! I finally got a chance to eat at Tourniquet, Night Vale's hottest new culinary night spot. I mean, I didn't get to eat their food, or sit at any of their tables...reservations are still just too hard to get. But I did make a PB&J at home, and eat it quickly in their front waiting area, as the maître d' glared at me implacably — as he does to everyone, due to the fact that he is a large idol carved from volcanic rock.

But, despite the less-than-ideal visit to the restaurant, it did give me a chance to say hello again to Earl Harlan. Now, it was a big surprise for me. My childhood best friend, Earl Harlan, working at this restaurant, after being dragged away by mute inter-dimensional children, not to be heard from again for a year and a half. It was a big surprise for me, obviously, because I had no idea he had any interest in cooking, let alone the skills to be a sous chef.

Well, I invited him to come on the show sometime, and give all of us a few cooking tips. I don't know if he'll take me up on it, but we might be lucky enough to get a peek into the mystical nearly-forgotten art that is cooking. Won't that be dangerous! And probably illegal.

Despite pleas from local, regional, national, international, and interstellar authorities, Pamela Winchell has continued to give emergency press conferences to publicize her deep enjoyment of retirement. And to decline the new mayor's standing job offer to give emergency press conferences.

Her press conference about tropical fish care resulted in a deadly flash flood that swept through old town Night Vale, washing away everyone's piles of cool stones they had found.

Her demonstration of coin collecting crashed several world economies...in the process, breaking a ten year peace treaty that had ended the previous Blood Space War.

And her demonstration of mass poisoning, unfortunately, went without a hitch.

Even as her press conferences have become much more fatal than usual, she has increased their frequency considerably, sometimes having two press conferences so close together that they actually occur simultaneously, Pamela speaking in a rapid back and forth to two different groups of reporters, as she shows two different cataclysmic methods of retirement she has recently been taught by her mysterious team of advisers.

More on this story as Pamela continues to create it.

And now, some life hacks that will allow you to parse and reprogram the code of life – thus changing the very fabric of your being in a clumsy and likely horrifying fashion. Also, a handy way of organizing your entire existence through a complex system of binder clips and toilet paper rolls. Let's get started!

Life hack one is...oh! Umm, listeners, Intern Maureen is waving to me frantically from the control room – well, more frantically than she does at all times about the general terrifying nature of life – and she's mouthing something...flannel fisher? Animals whiz beer? Oh! Oh! No. She's mouthing "Pamela is here!"

Listeners, it seems that Pamela Winchell, her Press Conference Gazebo burned down, has chosen the steps of the community radio station as the site of her next retirement demonstration. Given the affect of her previous demonstrations, this could spell doom for our little station and our little lives. I must...I must try to talk to her. I will, listeners, I will make her listen.

And while I make her listen, I will also make you listen to the weather.

Now, Pamela? Pamela! Stop!

["Here I Land" by Nicholas Stevenson]

Well, we have returned, as we always do! All of us. Unless we don't, as we sometimes don't. All of us.

Many people who have had Night Vale Community Radio mean something in their lives rushed to the front steps of the building to save this vital part of our little town. The crowd held most of the population of our beloved burg. In this modern age of media there is, of course, no medium so close to the common heart as community radio.

Leading the crowd was Mayor Dana, who pressed Ms. Winchell further to accept her offer of the official position. But Pamela was unswayed. She, in fact, was standing rigidly, her eyes rolled to the whites, her fingers splayed, booming "RETIREMENT! RETIREMENT!" in a voice that was not her own.

A great wind gusted up from around her body, whirling through the crowd and sweeping Intern Maureen away into the distance.

To the family and friends of Intern Maureen, etcetera.

Anyway.

"Pamela!" we cried, unified under threat, just as we are often at odds through peace, "Pamela! Do not retire! We need you!" we cried. "Specifically, we need you to stop demonstrating your retirement! Stop doing that right away!" we said in unison and in fear.

But Pamela would not hear us. We had given up all hope, and were casting about for other things to give up:dreams, aspirations, and then, digging further, anticipated muscle pains – pre-grief for loss that hadn't happened yet, post-grief for losses long ago – and further still, until we were ready to give up that shifting, shivery spark that is our human heart itself.

But then...but then...

Well, I don't remember what happened next. There seems to be just a gap in my memory, much longer and deeper than the usual gaps that we all develop in our memories to protect us from forbidden information we might have heard, or Hooded Figures we might have accidentally brushed against in the dark of our rooms just before we turn on the lights.

But fortunately, being a reporter, I had my Little Reporter's Book of Big-Boy Note Taking, just like I've had since I was five years old, and the prophecies were first revealed that I was destined to be the voice of our little community. I always make notes in this book, even if I'm not aware of it. See? Just now I wrote down, "Said: always makes notes in this book, even if I'm not aware of it."

Wow! Very accurate, and I'm not even holding a pen!

Anyway, I can just consult my notes and see how this situation was solved. Umm, OK. It appears here that a Man in a Tan Jacket holding a deerskin suitcase approached Pamela's podium.

"Fear not!" he said, perhaps a tad melodramatically. "I can relate to what she's going through," he continued. "I think I can talk her through this."

"You look very familiar," we all shouted back, still in unison. "But I don't believe we've ever met you before. Who are you?"

But the Man in the Tan Jacket was already skittering, spider-like, up to Pamela, and whispering into her ear. No one could hear what he said, according to my notes, but Pamela seemed to immediately respond to his voice, stopping the mass destruction of her retirement activities and listening intently, occasionally nodding and saying "Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Ah-hah!"

And then, miracle of miracles, she stepped away from the podium.

"Mayor Cardinal," she said, "I would be happy to accept the role of Director of Emergency Press Conferences. Thank you, and I am no longer retired."

She then asked everyone to meet her tomorrow at 7:00am sharp in the newly-rebuilt Press Conference Gazebo, for her first official emergency press conference in that role.

As for the mysterious man, he of the tan jacket and deerskin suitcase, he turned to the audience, and started a lecture about the place he is from, frequently naming it, and even pointing to it on a map. But any time the name of the place should appear in my notes, the writing has been violently scratched out to the point of tearing through the paper. And then, just blank pages, until a few minutes ago when my notes resume.

So...that's what happened. Or, at least, according to my notes. It's entirely possible that during that memory gap, I decided to use my notebook to try out a first foray into realistic fiction, and that something else entirely happened. Who knows which fictional version of the fictional past is true?

And so, listeners, now that we are safe, let us take a moment of deep sympathy for Pamela Winchell. One of the great fears among a life of great fears, perhaps the last great fear is the fear of being no longer useful. We find a role in life, and we do that role to the best of our ability for as long as that ability is there. But all of us — even me, dear listeners — will someday hit a point where we no longer are able to do that thing that we define ourselves by doing. And more than the fear of injury, more than the fear of death, this is the fear that looms. The loss of self. The self that is self we imagined we were our whole lives. But we were never that self, not really. We were only a series of selves, living one role and then leaving it for another. And all the time convincing ourselves that there was no change. That we were always the same person, living the same life. One arc to a finish, not the stutter-stop improvisation that is our actual lives.

Worry less about the person you once were. Or the person you dream you someday will be. Worry about the person you are now. Or don't even worry! Just be that person. Be the best version of that person you can be. Be a better version than any of the other versions in any of the many parallel universes. Check regularly online to see the rankings.

Pamela Winchell was mayor. And now, she is not. But that does not mean she is not anything. She is still Pamela. She is still a human being. And now, she is also the Director of Emergency Press Conferences. We look forward to the Pamela that is, and whatever Pamela will come after.

Stay tuned next for a world so possible that its very possibility feels constricting.

And of course, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

53) The September Monologues (1 September 2014)

Cecil: The wind out of the desert is changing. I feel it. You feel it. A shiver in the midday heat. A crackle in the television broadcast. A shift in your immune system.

It is September, and something is different.

It is September, and the days have gone sinister – from first eye's open to last slow breathing.

It is September, and so, listeners – dear listeners – Night Vale Public Radio is proud to introduce The September Monologues.

---

Faceless Old Woman: Chad? Can you hear me? My mouth is half an inch from your left ear and I'm whispering. You will feel a heavy warmth there, like air from the swamp. That means I'm talking to you, Chad. I'm right behind you.

Listen, Chad...how long have we lived together? Your whole life, that's the answer. Not that you'd know it, because I do it secretly. That's my name: the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home. Though, also, I don't have a face.

Chad, I am getting away from the point. You are the point.

Is this how you want to live your life? Shuffling from one trivial moment to the next, never letting anything add up to anything else?

Chad, it's not my place to say, I know. My place is hiding behind the boring button-up shirts in your closet, my thin, gnarled fingers almost brushing your hand each time you reach for one of those milquetoast frocks on your way to another unsuccessful night trying to find someone who will make you more than you are.

Chad, do you know how many flies live in your apartment? I do. I know all of their names, and I tell them where to lay their eggs. So listen, Chad, do not get on my wrong side. My fury is vast, and murky, and expressed through a papier-mâché gape-mouthed that I left behind your cereal boxes this morning. Not that you'll find it. You never eat breakfast. A good breakfast is the start of a good day, say the tablets we found in that ancient crater last year.

But I'm not here to lecture you, Chad. I'm here to understand. Like, what's with all the candles? Your room is strewn with clothes like your dresser got sick from overeating, but suddenly you're buying nicely-scented candles, and arranging them carefully in the living room? That doesn't seem like you, Chad.

And the fabric. That rich, red fabric that you bought and...are you sewing that fabric, Chad? That doesn't seem like you either. Your other hobbies involve watching or consuming and now, here you are, doing! What does it mean?

I've uncovered many secrets, Chad. Do not think that you are going to be able to keep anything from me. I know what is behind the old VHS copy of Cliffhanger in your media center. I know about the way you talk to your horse figurines.

Yes, I know about the horse figurines.

And I know about the dreams, Chad. I put my faceless head very close to your face at night as you sleep. If you opened your eyes, I'm sure it would upset you.

So fragile, and yet so certain – your belief in the sanctity and privacy of home.

Oh, what about the amulet you hid in the bag of lettuce deep in your fridge? Why the amulet, that ancient cracked painting of a screaming goat set upon gold and ebony? I couldn't lift it, Chad. I tried with my bony, skin-taut arms that have a surprising animal strength. Those arms that have been so close to you so many times, but that you've never seen. I tried to lift it, Chad, and I couldn't. Why wasn't I able to lift it?

This is me, as a part of your life, trying to understand that life. And you, drinking beer with your friends, drinking beer by yourself, drinking beer before work by yourself, smiling with your friends and smiling at your work and sitting dead-eyed and silent for hours inside your living room, wearing a polo shirt and khaki shorts, crying without making a sound or moving. A silence of tears down your slack, boyish face.

Chad, this is you, and I'm trying to understand.

I've stopped googling bees and I've started googling your name over and over. I can't find a trace of you anywhere. What are you, Chad? I thought I understood. I do not understand.

And now, you are rising from your easy chair, still weeping. You are putting on a long red robe and lighting the candles arranged through the room in a pattern or a shape that I do not recognize. You are raising up the amulet and you are speaking...no, shouting, no...intoning.

This is not a language I understand! I understand every language. Your very speech is outside of my reality.

What I saw next, Chad, was beyond me. I have seen death in its many heaving forms. I have seen the low-flying ships that hide on the horizon in front of the setting sun, and I have seen the misshapen silhouettes of their pilots. I have seen the websites you visit.

But Chad...what I saw in that moment, what you summoned in your living room, what you brought to us here in this little town, my town, the town I secretly live in, the town in which I am, at least in my view, presumptive mayor...what have you done?

Chad, this is all to say that I am the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, but...not your home, Chad. Not anymore. Because something else is living there now.

Oh, Chad. Something else is living there now.

---

Cecil: The air is different. Or...no. It is the way we are breathing that is different. The breathers, all of us, have changed. We've gone funny, you know, just...funny. Words can't capture it. But I have only words.

So, up next, more words. After that, words. Words, and words, and words. Words that form The September Monologues.

---

Michelle Nguyen: Nobody's made a good album in years! "Michelle," you say, "Michelle Nguyen, that's not true!"

Well, you're right. Very little of what I have to say is true. Some of it is, though. Make of that what you will.

No, don't. I don't trust you to make anything good.

Hang on, there's a customer.

Welcome to Dark Owl Records!

You! You! Why are you here? What do you want from me, you–

Never mind, they left.

We sold a pretty decent record the other day. It was a Beach Boys album. Everyone thinks the Beach Boys are the best. And fine, fine, they contributed a lot to American music. You can hear their influence on people like Cole Porter, and Joni Mitchell, and Mozart, but I'm so sick of everybody thinking they know music just because they buy a Beach Boys album!

I begged the guy not to buy it. It was, of course, the one with most of their big hits on it, like "The People Under the Floor," and "I'm Being Followed," and "Tracking Device Inside My Skin," and no doubt the Beach Boys' most famous song, "Hand Me That Hammer, Madame Dentist."

He bought the album anyway, but I broke it into pieces as I handed it to him, and then I told him the store was closed and he wasn't allowed to leave. He's still somewhere in the basement. A couple people came looking for him, but I covered my eyes with my hand and sat silently so they couldn't see me.

Point being, there are still a few good albums in the world, but not many.

Oh! You know what I ordered for the store last week? It should arrive any day. If you're a true lover of folk music, you'll be just as excited as I am for this. I ordered 25 copies of Woody Guthrie. They're scale replicas of his body in his most recognizable pose: holding a guitar in one hand and an aquarium full of mice in his other two hands. These replicas are 3:1 scale, so there's no room with our low ceilings. I'll have to keep them outside of the store in people's lawns and next to highway overpasses and such. But they're just great!

Oh, wait. Never mind. Folk music is over. It's done, came and went. Stop listening to folk music! The Guthrie replicas are now 70% off. Please don't buy them, though. Folk music is dead.

You want to know what music I'm listening to right now? Joy Division. Not "Unknown Pleasures." Everyone's listened to that album. That album will never be talked about by me again. No. I'm listening to a different Joy Division album. It's a pretty recent album that was never actually released, because they never wrote it or recorded it or produced it. But I managed to get a copy of this album, and I listen to it almost daily. In private, so it's not ruined by other people having heard it or talked to me about it. It's a good album. I cry when I hear it. I cry when I think about it. I'm crying now.

I'm sure it doesn't sound to you like I'm crying, because you can't comprehend my crying. You can't see me or hear me crying because you don't know me. You don't truly know me. This Joy Division album truly knows me in a way no other human ever has.

And so, that's a complete list of music I like.

Looks like the coroner is here again.

Hello, Linda! We got the new Panic! at the Disco album in!

[whispers] I've been selling her blank CDs for years now and telling her that's Panic! at the Disco's aesthetic, that they just release completely silent songs with no titles on albums with no tracks or cover art and no name. It's really funny, except for, their new album really did come out and it's called "Quit Fabricating Our Musical Career, Michelle," so I'm a little freaked out by that. But also, I think I'm really impacting the future of music. [end whispering]

We here at Dark Owl Records pride ourselves on that: impacting the future of music. Also, the past. We impact the past in music.

I'm wearing a hat right now! So, know that.

I hate Panic! at the Disco. I've never actually heard their music, so I don't actually hate them so much as resent them. Or rather, resent what they stand for. Or rather, resent what I believe that they stand for. Or rather, resent my perception of other people's projections of what they stand for. Or rather, myself.

I hate myself, is what I'm trying to say.

We have that in common, I think!

Panic! at the Disco is probably fine if you were to ever listen to their music. Lots of people buy lots of their music. Of course, lots of people buy lots of ridiculous things: overpriced coffee, minivans, dogs, furniture, towels, medicine...you name it, and some idiot will buy it.

Linda! Is that a Public Enemy cassette? Don't touch that! You do not have hip hop access here!

We have a pretty good hip hop collection. Mmmm...that's not true. It's just that one cassette. And it's broken.

Anyway, t-shirts and posters and trance music are all 50% off this weekend at Dark Owl, so come visit the store.

Wait...never mind. We're closed until further notice.

You're not allowed in here anyway. Not with that tattoo. Who has a Woody Guthrie tattoo these days?

---

Cecil: It will all be over soon. And then, something else will take its place.

"Like waves," says the common metaphor.

"From dust to dust," says a simplified version of a complicated philosophy.

"Mmmmmmmm, zmmmmmmm," says the big bang, still echoing quietly through everything it created.

Let us return, one last time – before it, you, or anything else ends – to The September Monologues.

---

Steve Carlsberg: There are glowing arrows in the sky. You can't see them. I do.

There are dotted lines and arrows and circles. The sky is a chart that explains the entire world. But you can't see it. I know that.

The world makes sense. I– I believe that. I– I do. It has to. Otherwise...it wouldn't make sense! And that would be the worst thing that could possibly happen.

No one listens when I talk. They hear, but...they don't listen. Even now, maybe your attention is drifting. Why pay attention to me? Why pay attention to Steve Carlsberg? "There he goes again, with his theories and explanations." But I see them! I see the arrows in the sky. I understand what is happening.

Night Vale is a weird place. No one else sees that, I guess. But I do. It's not like other places. I've never been other places, but I know. I know what other places are like. I've read books. Don't tell anyone, please. Don't tell anyone that I've read books. I have to maintain my position and the respect of my peers. I'm a member in good standing of the PTA. I bring scones and they are always the first item in the pot luck to go. I take great pride in that.

My...uh, brother-in-law, step-brother, brother-outside-of-the-law...I can never get those terms straight. Well, he just brings store-made hummus and wheat-free pita chips. Every time! I make my scones with my own hands, from scratch. Sometimes, I put in the zest of orange, sometimes I don't. They are not always the same.

Nothing is.

People pick at the chips and hummus. They want to be polite. Often, they are not. We all, all of us, so often fail at what we want to do. That's OK, as long as we understand our failure. As long as we see it. I see my failure to help my community the way I would like to help it. I would like to guide it somewhere new, but the only person who listened to me was that man on the Desert Bluffs radio. And then...well, then all the rest happened.

The world would be better if more people saw the dotted lines and arrows in the sky. I can look out my window and see them! I'm doing that now.

Listen, I love my wife, and she loves her brother. And we both love our daughter, and my...brother-in-law? Half-brother? Double-brother? Hmm...Well, he loves his niece. So that counts for a lot. That counts for most of it. I don't hate him the way he hates me. How could I? I understand him. He hates me because he doesn't understand me at all. Cannot see the dotted lines. He cannot see the arrows.

I first met him at the wedding. He's busy, or he says he is. He does always seem to be at the station. Or at least, he used to be. This last year's been good for him, I think. It has softened him a little, in the right places. Although not at all toward me. But I never expect that.

He was very nice when I first met him. "Welcome to the wedding," he said grandly. Which was odd, since he actually arrived after me. But it was a nice gesture anyway, and I accepted it with a handshake and a "Hello! It's an exciting day, isn't it?" I said. "Here, try a scone!" I had made scones. It seemed right, in the midst of a formal celebration like that, to have a little touch of home, to remind people of the lifetime of simple gestures that this grand celebration was meant to launch.

"Oh," he said. "This is just scrumptious! This is the best scone I've ever had!"

He hasn't said anything like that in some time.

We chatted for a while. I don't remember what about. Maybe the weather.

No, definitely the weather. I remember it was the weather, because we had to stand in awkward silence for a bit as we waited for the music to stop playing.

But then, it all turned. "How ‘bout those secret agents?" I asked, indicating the black-suited women and men lining the back of the room, taking photos and writing down everything that everyone said.

"Aah," he said. "Yes, well..." he said.

He was raised in the Night Vale tradition of silence. And with a belief in the power of hierarchy and bureaucracy. I had been raised that way too, but it didn't stick. Because I could see the arrows, and the dotted lines, and the circles laid out across the world. I could clearly see how things were! The way that it was all organized, and for whose benefit.

"Well, sure," I said. "Those agents from... Oh. Well, um, this next part is complicated. People always just refer to them from being from a Vague, Yet Menacing Agency and...while they are certainly menacing, there's nothing vague about them."

I explained to Cecil then exactly what branch they're from, who specifically they report to, and whose desk those reports ultimately land on. People could die for knowing these things. But I've always known it. I could always just see it, how it all really was laid out.

And as I talked, Cecil's face changed. It twisted into a grimace.

"I won't have you teaching Janice lies like that," he howled. And I'm sorry for using such a melodramatic verb, but he really did. He howled! And then he refused to speak to me again.

During the ceremony, he tried to object on the grounds that I knew and spoke aloud forbidden knowledge and dangerous truths. Which is actually a mandatory reason to cancel a wedding according to the laws of Night Vale, but his sister talked him down.

Since then, though, he's never trusted me. It's because of Janice. It's because I want Janice to understand the world the way I do. I want her to see the arrows and dotted lines, to know the world, not just repeat what has been told to her.

My brother-in-law, as you might imaging, disagrees. "She will learn only what she is allowed to learn in schools!" he explains to me regularly, and loudly. "Don't poison her with education!"

I don't know. Maybe he's right. It's not like knowing has made my life easier. Quite the opposite.

Quite the opposite.

But every time I look up, I see them. Glowing arrows in the sky, dotted lines and circles, a great chart that explains it all, and I ask you, how can I know all of this? How can I understand, and not try to explain? How can I see the dotted lines so bright and tangible, and deny them?

I have to try, even if it means that everyone – even my wife, or even Janice – grows to hate me. The truth is more important than all that. It has to be.

Or else, why would it shine so clear above?

---

Cecil: Well, that's it for The September Monologues. We've said so much. What more is there to say?

54) A Carnival Comes To Town (15 September 2014)

Cecil: The secret to a long life lies in how acutely you perceive time.

Welcome to Night Vale.

A quiet caravan of flatbed trucks rolled into town last night. The trailers were unmarked, except by age and neglect. The trucks parked along Bandera Street, in an abandoned lot in the heart of the up-and-coming Abandoned Lot neighborhood. People we do not know emerged from the trucks and began to unload tall lights and heavy speakers.

Perhaps may of you were jostled from slumber by the faint pulsing of music that sounded like music you know, even though it was music you had never heard.

Perhaps you woke unaware there ever was a sun, confused by your own consciousness, hearing the echoes of these unknown choruses, and found yourself singing along, mouthing familiar words placed in an unfamiliar order.

We do not know what these trucks have brought, or what those within them intend. All I can say is, you should not got near that abandoned lot on Bandera Street until we find out more – which might take a while. It's a very busy day. We can't investigate every horrifying fleet of unmarked trucks. We've got more important things, like this voicemail from my boyfriend!

Carlos: Hey, Cecil! I made so much progress today! Doug, and some of the other members of the army of warriors who roam this Otherworld desert, took me to the top of the mountain, to the lighthouse up on it.

Oh, right...I'm still stuck in the desert Otherworld. How are you? I miss you!

Anyway, they showed me the photos on the walls inside the lighthouse. One of the warriors, whose name is Alicia, and who is not a woman or a man, and who is Doug's partner, and who has a dog, and who is trying to make a new currency based on sand, walked me through the pictures. There were photos of living rooms, and parks, and lawns...photos of Night Vale.

I asked if Alicia took these photos, because they were good photos! Colorful, well composed, alive! Alicia shook their head no, and the other warriors in the room pointed quietly back to the photos, and I saw that they were literally alive. The people and all of the things that were not people moved in the photos! Blades of grass in the breeze, small bees spiraling, a man refusing to smile – and all within the confines of rough driftwood frames.

Inside the lighthouse, you can see anywhere – although you cannot go to any of those..."wheres."

And, as I leave this message, I can see you, Cecil! Yeah, I'm watching you shave!

Oh, it's cute how you pull up your nose like that. Oh! But you missed a spot.

I'm sorry I haven't had time to go looking for the doorway back to your dimension. I'm learning so many things, though! I– I promise. I promise to return soon. This...desert Otherworld is just so scientifically interesting! Maybe it's the most scientifically interesting community I've ever seen!

[sigh]

I love you! I'll try calling you again tonight. Is it even night time there? Ugh, I've lost all sense of time.

[sigh]

Cecil: So...I don't know. All of that, and such.

And now, the news.

The foundation is finally being laid for the new Old Night Vale Opera House. Old Woman Josie was on hand for the ceremony. In fact, she brought her own cement mixer and poured it herself. Several creatures claiming to be angels, wearing yellow and orange triangles – the logo of Strexcorp, now of course owned by these same creatures – were on hand to assist. But Josie kept slapping their many hands away when they attempted to help her with the heavy mixer and strenuous work.

"I'm fine, Erika! I have this! Go get me some water," Josie said, wiping her shriveled brow with a green handkerchief. "I ain't that old!" she said before adding, "Hey! You forgot to record Castle last night! Make yourself useful and double-check the TiVo before I get home."

One of the supposed angels – all of whom are named Erika – pointed out that Castle is in reruns, and she could probably download the episode she missed from iTunes. There was a long pause as Old Woman Josie stared at Erika in silence, concrete churning its dull pulsing hum, onlookers forgetting to exhale, a single drop of sweat rolling down one of Erika's seven cheekbones.

And then Josie said, "OK, whatever. Is the Chopped marathon on tonight?" and continued her pour.

The angel-like beings claim that Strexcorp is Night Vale's first angel-owned and angel-operated company. They claimed this proudly, and even placed it on their brochures and signs – despite the great risk of arrest and imprisonment for the felony of acknowledging the existence of angels.

Completion of the new Old Night Vale Opera House is scheduled for this coming Spring. Many town residents are excited and confused over the return of this cultural landmark, as none of us know what an opera is.

"Is it a type of deli?" asked one bystander, who shielded his eyes and asked not to be identified before dissipating into a black cloud and joining the rest of the cowardly air molecules.

"I heard opera is a virus you get from kissing," said another bystander, who was clearly former mayor Pamela Winchell wearing a fake mustache and clumsily altering her voice.

Nobody but Old Woman Josie and her mysterious friends know what an opera is. Hopefully we'll all find out soon, Night Vale! Hopefully it's a good thing. I have my doubts, though. I am sometimes more doubt than man.

The strangers at the abandoned lot have begun unloading the fleet of trucks, removing large metal cases from the trailers and assembling gargantuan machines covered in rust and the faint echo of bright color.

Residents of the Abandoned Lot District, who usually just talk hopefully about a day when they'll be allowed to finally build homes, have reported hearing organ music and smelling deep fryers. They saw carnival workers carrying bags of strange candy and leading packs of unfamiliar loping animals into the lot. Many of the strangers wear large wigs and bright painted faces. They carry foolish hats and mangled balloons.

Listeners, I know what this is, and it is not good. A carnival has come to our city, Night Vale. I do not even know how you can protect yourself from this wicked cultural affront to our community.

I reached out to the City Council but I just got their voicemail, which was the Council saying, in unison, "We're not here anymore. Good luck with whatever that is in the abandoned lot! If you'd like to scream or cry in horror, please do so at the tone." So at least their voicemail is the usual one, but I don't think we'll get much help from them.

Night Vale, I have only ever heard of carnivals. I never thought I would ever have to actually see one. No one knows what they will do in the face of catastrophe until they are in that face, and here I am, still not knowing what to do.

A carnival. Oooooh, all the mysterious lights in the sky. I do not know how this carnival found us, nor what they intend, but I am certain it is not good.

It is rumored that our neighbors in Pine Cliff once welcomed a traveling carnival. Pine Cliff is now inhabited only by ghosts. But I don't actually know if that was related to the carnival at all. They might have been that way already.

And you know, there is a certain sweetness to the hastily-assembled rides, to the thought of eating air-blown pastel sugar, your boyfriend winning you a stuffed animal at the bird-mocking booth, exchanging known quantities of fiat cash for meta-fiat paper coupons. Oh, it sounds just...it sounds just...dreamy!

No! These wicked magicians of the midway! They must be using mind control to draw us in. Do not fall victim to...holding hands hotly under the cool lights, the undulating swirl and discordant fugue of the merry-go-round about us. Carlos! Oh, Carlos! Let's go to the carnival – No! Stop it, Cecil! No!

Night Vale, avoid the carnival! Hide in your homes.

This Thursday, at the Night Vale Public Library, is the twice-annual Cleaning of the Books. The Sheriff's Secret Police Super Secret Special Forces Unit will be on hand to subdue the librarians, who regularly attempt to not only undermine our city with dangerous books, but also sink their sharp claws and pincers into library visitors before flying them off to eat or toy with or...whatever it is they do to their victims.

The Cleaning of the Books is our way of double-checking that the librarians are keeping a clean stock of municipally-approved books, such as The Biography of Helen Hunt and all four of Dean Koontz's novels.

Librarians are well-known for sneaking in books by dangerous authors. In 1988, two – two! copies of Pride and Prejudice were found in Night Vale. No one knows quite how many people read these copies, but the ensuing riots inconvenienced hundreds and led to the current cleaning schedule.

Not everyone is in favor of this practice, though. New mayor Dana Cardinal issued a public rebuke of book cleaning. The mayor admitted that, while "books are pretty dangerous," and she "doesn't recommend them for everyone," we should "concentrate more on protecting ourselves from the librarians themselves, who are the real danger."

Teenage book lover and heroic militia leader Tamika Flynn also offered her protest of this important event, saying, "books and libraries are dangerous. Which is exactly why we should protect them. Librarians are conniving and vicious monsters, but they also know how to recommend a good read. Their methods may be violent, but we must be willing to face great challenges in order to achieve great things."

Tamika continued, "We will grow soft without books, Night Vale," as she waved her favorite copy of Helen DeWitt's The Last Samurai, onlookers shielding their eyes from the forbidden tome.

I don't want to disagree too much with young Tamika, I – I respect her leadership and her vast knowledge of books, but...not everyone is cut out for reading difficult literature. Perhaps...perhaps we could split the difference. We could select just a few people in town who are allowed to read challenging books. That way the masses don't have to be exposed to complex ideas, and a small committee of trustworthy people, like Tamika, can tell us in a gentle way what those books say. Very quietly, so we don't have to hear them. It'll be all the fun and simplicity of an intellectual oligarchy, but without all the awful reading.

Intern Maureen has returned to our studio. She was swept away a few weeks back by an enormous gust of wind, and we thought her lost. We held services for her at the Rec Center. Her whole family was there. Many of her friends from the Night Vale Community College came, or at least, I assume they were friends from school. They all had human bodies with coyote heads, and they were eating armadillos out of a duffel bag. Huh. College kids.

Well, we were all glad to see Maureen come home safe. Or, most of us. Her family seemed...disappointed, this being the second time they've mourned her death in vain. They seemed emotionally exhausted. Not angry. They told her "This is the last time, Maureen. This is it! No more!"

Anyway, today at work, Maureen's been doing some research into carnivals. And according to her, carnivals need money to operate. If we do not want a carnival in town, then we should just not give them our money, and the carnival will go away. Maureen has also handed me a report saying...oh, my! Night Vale! The carnival grounds have been completed. A 40-foot tall wheel with empty compartments spins lazily in the hot sun, as broken speakers sing cacophonous platitudes over simplistic chord progressions.

Carnival workers are brandishing hammers next to a tower inscribed with ascending numbers and topped with an alarm bell.

Night Vale residents have gathered near the grounds, but are not yet entering. A group of the carnival workers with white faces and bulbous noses and large shoes have opened the gates to the carnival grounds, and are cooing and beckoning our citizens to enter. These masked interlopers wish to sway you with broad toothy smiles, but they are nightmares, Night Vale. They are lies incarnate.

Remember that we are a great town. We are a great town that does not back down to grave danger. Are we not the same town that defeated a Smiling God, and a fascist corporatocracy, and once – once – survived a Street Cleaning Day?

I said earlier that I did not know what to do in the face of a catastrophe, but I was wrong, Night Vale. I was wrong. When I think only of myself, I am scared. But knowing I am with you, I am not scared. We are in this together. I have a community I can trust and love. There is no need to be frightened of treacherous outsiders.

Outsiders? Wait. How did these outsiders get in? Night Vale is not so easily found, so...how have they so easily found it?

Oh! Ohh! The carnival gates have opened! All of Night Vale is there. Only I sit contained in my booth, helpless as usual.

The carnival workers smile wider, and wider, and wider, and wider. Breath is heard, loud and wet and without an obvious source. The birds are gone. There is a fearful infinity of an instant.

I take you now, uncertain of what this next instant will bring, and none of you near a radio anyway, to the weather.

["Bremen" by PigPen Theatre Co]

The carnival has left. Night Vale citizens resisted entering the metal gates. They formed a semicircle around the opening and shouted, "Interlopers!" while pointing. As is our friendly, mandatory way of welcoming strangers.

Soon the painted people backed away, closing themselves into their miserable flatbed corral. They disassembled their mechanical monstrosities and drove them away. Night Vale, en masse, waved fists and sticks and farm tools and cactuses and animal parts. Our citizens chanted curses upon the carnival.

The carnival employees, in their haste, left behind several artifacts of their attempted threat to our sanctity – our sanity. We found clear plastic bags filled with cheaply-produced dolls. There was a large styrofoam-stuffed green and orange squirrel. As the trucks drove away, proud and vigilant Night Vale citizens set the squirrel ablaze, that unholy totem of that unholy carnival.

The sun long gone, presumably scared away by the unexpected visitors, the happy fire of victory shone out to meet the tail lights of the retreating trucks.

Witnesses heard the carnival perpetrators saying things like, "Run!" and "Get out of here!" as they made their way to their trucks. Shouts of "What the hell is this town?" and "Where the hell are we?" and "This is definitely not Modesto!" and "I think they're gonna kill us, Stacy! Run!" were the verbal white flags, signaling our triumph as a town – as a proud community that stood for itself once again.

And Intern Maureen, who is...hey! Maureen? You look upset. Are you upset? Is everything OK?

Uhh, Maureen does not look happy, listeners. I'm not sure why Maureen is not happy about today's victory she helped bring about. You are part of this, Maureen! This victory is also yours!

Maureen? Do you not love victory over outsiders who mean us harm? Maureen, do you–

Well! Maureen left the control booth. She just got up in a huff and left. Huh. Teenagers. I guess.

Stay tuned next for people arguing about sports. Not on the radio, somewhere else. Somewhere and soon people will be arguing about sports. I don't know what's happening next on the radio. I never do.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

55) The University of What It Is (1 October 2014)

Let me be brief. Let us all be brief. Let us briefly be.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners? I received a call today from a Dr. Sylvia Kayali, who introduced herself as working at the University of What It Is. I told her I had never heard of that particular learning institution.

Actually, what happened is the name led to a comedic back and forth.

"What what is?"

"What It is!"

"The university is what?"

"No, no, of ‘What It Is.'"

And so on.

But eventually I accorded her the usual treatment of any academic person of importance – which was a bellowing lecture about the dangers of education, followed by tense, suspicious silence.

Taking advantage of that silence, she jumped in and explained that the University of What It Is was concerned about one of their faculty members who had taken a sabbatical to investigate some...probably fantastical rumors about a strange town in the desert, and then had never returned.

I told her that I didn't know of any strange towns, just the pleasant burg we call home.

"Well," she said, "I'll keep trying, then. If you hear from a scientist going by the name of Carlos, please let us know."

As you can imagine, listeners, I made all sorts of noises when she said that. But she had already hung up, and had left no call-back number. My phone screen just showed a picture of a beach during a bad storm, with a shivering human figure off in the distance, again and again nearly but not quite swept away by the pounding surf. I think that's an area code of...what? Idaho? I don't have these things memorized.

More on this as I aggressively investigate.

Well, it's time again for one of our audience's most requested segments...I assume. I've never actually asked, but...I can't imagine anyone having a different perspective from my own, so I assume this is what listeners are most focused on.

It's time to check back in with Khoshekh and his floating kittens. Khoshekh, the cat floating exactly four feet off the ground in the men's room here at the station, is doing great! Nothing to report. He's a healthy kitty going through his third molting of the year, and his fur cusp is as radiant and sticky as any cat's has ever been. He loves to be petted, and the petting is completely survivable...with the correct antibiotics.

His kittens are, of course, also floating in fixed locations in the same bathroom, and are being cared for by their various owners. Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, has especially taken after one of the kittens, who he has named – confusingly – "Larry Leroy."

"Oh, Larry Leroy is just the best," Larry Leroy said, in what was either an expression of affection or extreme egotism. Either way, he's being a great dad to that little cat, and we wish Larry Leroy and Larry Leroy the best.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Traditionally, when cooking steak, there have been a few basic rules to follow. For instance, using a form of meat that is recognized by both the current culture and the human body as "food;" following basic food safety procedures, so as to prevent illness; not intentionally not intentionally bleeding on the finishing steak...but that's just traditionally.

Here at Outback Steakhouse, we say "No rules, just right. Absolutely no rules."

Food safety? Pssh! Federal law? Ugh! The laws of physics? What are you, a narc? It's weird here. The steak floats. Sometimes the steak is and also isn't, simultaneously. Sometimes the steak is a chair, and we point at the chair and we say, ‘that chair is a steak.' And we make you eat it. That is the one rule: if we say something is a steak, you have to eat it. No questions asked. I know we said there are no rules, but that itself is a rule and so is void. You want your philosophy non-contradictory? Go to Sizzler.

In the bathroom, where most places have signs saying "Employees must wash hands," we just carved "Land of the free" directly into the wall. There isn't even a sink in there. Heck, our bathrooms are just sealed vaults full of poisonous gases.

No rules. We might kill you. We've killed a lot of people.

Outback Steakhouse. Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.

I received another call from Dr. Kayali. Before she even spoke, I told her that I, in fact, knew a Carlos, and explained, in a completely businesslike and journalistic tone, the tenor of our relationship.

"Carlos is there" she said. Only she didn't put a question at the end of it. So maybe she was just saying "Carlos is there." In either case, she told me that this was surprising, and that the University of What It Is would send someone right away to see why their faculty member had never made it home.

I said, "He never mentioned a university to me."

And she said, "Do we ever dare to speak of higher education to the ones we love?"

Which is a valid point. Education is such a...scary and forbidden subject that you would be a fool to mention it out loud.

I forgave Carlos for this lapse...or, I will, as soon as I can get him on the phone.

Hey, Carlos? Call me.

In the meantime, I'll let you know what happens when the folks from the University of What It Is come by.

And now, the Community Calendar:

On Monday, the baristas of Night Vale are inviting everyone in town to come to the barista district for the annual Barista Cultural Faire, where they will be performing traditional barista dances like the twice-dip and the mustache snort, and serving traditional barista foods, like lemon poppy seed scones. There will be a showing of barista-themed movies, like Jaws and Jaws 2. And, Nora Jones will make an appearance via a photo of her tacked up on a wall so you can say, "Oh, look! That's Nora Jones!" while pointing at that photo.

Tuesday is a day for trying to find what you've lost. Tear through your house, dress in clothes you haven't worn in years, reenact situations from your childhood, and try to get them to turn out differently. You will get it all back! You will finally have lost nothing! It's all possible, and it's all healthy.

Wednesday is a secret that has been badly kept.

Thursday is a day of remembrance and memorial, dedicated to all the people who will happen to die on that Thursday.

The City Council would like us all to take a moment and think about the many, many people who will just happen to die in that particular frame of time, for unrelated reasons, and adding up to no coherent picture of human existence. Please, find the time within your life to mourn those who will, by complete chance, be gone.

Unless you turn out to be one of those people. In which case, hey! You're off the hook on all this tedious grief stuff!

Friday is a plan that has been poorly thought through.

"Saturday is absolutely nothing you should be worried about," say hulking, buzzing figures hiding in all of our attics, in a statement that they issued today, thus revealing to us, for the first time, their existence.

Sunday is a lie that has been foolishly believed.

This has been the Community Calendar.

Jackie Fiero, who runs the only pawn shop in town, which for some reason is named "Lucinda's Pawn Shop," announced today that she is having a sale on ideas about time.

"People keep coming by and pawning their ideas about time!" Jackie told a friend of hers in confidence, never knowing that it was going to end up on the radio. "And, like, I don't want to turn them down, because it looks like they need the money, but dude! How many ideas about time am I supposed to keep? None of these ideas make any sense anyway!"

So, if you're looking for a gently-used idea about time, or perhaps if you pawned your own idea about time and are now able to retrieve it, then get on down to Lucinda's Pawn Shop, and talk to Jackie.

Don't know where her pawn shop is? Don't worry, when you need it, then...then you will know.

And now, corrections.

In a previous broadcast, we swung a baseball bat wildly around the studio, knocking our microphone onto the ground until all it could pick up was the stomping of our feet as we systematically destroyed all of our possessions in a misguided attempt to make the world better, and ourselves more happy!

After that, we mistakenly referred to Trish Hidge as the Assistant Deputy to the Mayor, when she is, in fact, the Deputy Assistant to the Mayor. We deeply regret this error.

This has been corrections.

Still haven't heard from Carlos. The representatives from the University of What It Is arrived. They are besuited, and behatted, and be-a number of other things besides. They move in a group of three, led by Dr. Kayali herself, looking at everything and everyone they encounter with a critical eye, and what looks like a sneer. That could just be the natural set of their faces.

I rushed out to meet these people, that could perhaps tell me something that I don't know about the love of my life, only to find that, flush with their recent victory over the carnival, Night Vale citizens had cornered the staff members from the University of What It Is, shouting and waving household items like sticks and police batons.

"Interloper!" they cried. "Interloper!"

"No! No!" I said.

"Well, yes!" I said, because they were interlopers, but...good interlopers. If only there was a word that meant "good interloper."

Dr. Kayali did not seem afraid of the crowd. She considered the Night Vale residents before her, and patted the air in a placating motion.

And, by the way, did you know that the term for a group of citizens is "a mob?" Huh. The English language is so funny.

The Doctor's calm demeanor did not transfer to the crowd around her. They howled and jeered, saying things like, "Remember that carnival? Let's do that again!" and chanting popular slogans, like "Aaaaargh! Outsiders!"

I, more than anyone, know that not all outsiders are bad. Most outsiders are. Aaaargh. Outsiders.

But some outsiders are great! The best! My favorite. And these outsiders know about that outsider.

"Listeners," I said to the mob, because the moment I began speaking my relationship to them was one in which they were hearing me, I said, "please! Let us proceed with caution, and empathy. We've never tried it before, maybe it'll work."

But the mob was beyond hearing, and they continued their advance. For the first time, I looked out at the faces of my fellow citizens and saw them – not as friends as companions, but as a dangerous combination of suppression and indoctrination.

So I did the only thing that I could think to do in that moment: "If you won't listen," I said, "then I will make you listen. I will make you all listen...to the weather.

["Catfish" by Waxahatchee]

While the crowd was distracted by the sudden weather, I was able to flag down a passing Sheriff's Secret Police helicopter which was conducting routine surveillance operations just overhead. I explained to the officers inside, all of whom where wearing loose-fitting gowns and Richard Nixon masks, that I was in need of a lift to the radio station for important community reasons. They did not respond, but they also did not do anything else. So, I hustled the representatives from the University of What It Is onto the craft, and we left the hostile mob listening docilely below us.

"Please tell me everything!" was how I casually started the conversation with Dr. Kayali.

She blinked. "That would take a long time, and I feel like much of it would be things you already know," she said, continuing. "For instance, tying shoes, operating your own tongue, feeling insecure, and other things you would know these things already.

I clarified that I meant everything about Carlos and her university.

And this is what she said, as we hammered our way across the sky.

She actually shouted it, to be heard over the rotors, so this is what she shouted.

She shouted that she is from the University of What It Is, and that they have been looking for some time for a faculty member named Carlos, who is a professor of science. He has been missing for decades, and they were getting very worried. They had no choice but to hire a new professor of science, but it isn't going well, because the guy they hired is a "new media artist," interested in collage as it intersects with social media, and he isn't even sure what science is. They don't know why they hired that guy...it had somehow made sense when they did it.

She told me, in a quieter voice, once we had landed near the safety of the station, and had decided that the Sheriff's Secret Police were not going to prevent us from leaving the helicopter, she told me that if this is how our town treats outsiders, then Carlos is in more danger than she thought. I told her that Carlos wasn't treated that way, that he was well-loved by everyone, and especially loved by someone. And she said, "Sure, sure." But she didn't sound like she believed it.

And then she said that there was much she needed to do, but that they would make sure Carlos found his way to safety, and they were looking forward to him taking back over the one class they have on science, because the new media artist guy is really messing it up.

She said she had to go, but gave me her card in case I ever wanted to get in touch with her.

I imagine that I definitely will.

So there it is. So many questions, so many possible answers, and like the title of that much-beloved picture book classic, How Many Lies?

Listeners, I do not know everything about Carlos and he does not tell me everything. That is OK. We are not one person. How lonely that would be! A couple who has made themselves one so completely, that they are once again alone.

We are two people, separate. Unique. And joined only where we choose to join.

I don't know what is his affiliation, truly, to the University of What It Is. Perhaps I will never know, but I can know about the taste of food he has made me, or the feeling of his hand in mine, or the absence of his hand not in mine. I can feel the distance between us, and I can know that that distance, viewed properly, is no distance at all.

But still, I think I'll keep Dr. Kayali's card handy, just in case I ever need her, or what she knows. And that time may come. Certainly so many other times I never even thought possible have come before it.

Stay tuned next for a loss of words, an absence of silence, some noise. Some noise. And then, perhaps...and then, perhaps...meaning.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

56) Homecoming (15 October 2014)

Cecil: It is autumn, and nature is vanishing. It is autumn, and nature is beautiful.

Welcome to Night Vale.

It's that time of year again, listeners! This Friday night is Night Vale High School's homecoming game. I'm not much of a sports fan, but this is the one game I truly care about. All of the Night Vale High alumni come together for it. Everyone! Current students, former students, students long dead, future students who aren't born yet. It's the one night we can see our loved ones who have been lost to time and mortality. The dead alumni come out at halftime, and we all get to visit with them while the marching bands go spear hunting for dinner.

Aww, I can't wait to see my late mother again this Friday night. Especially after I found those old cassette tapes last fall. I have so many questions! Important questions! And with Carlos out of town, I've gotten kind of isolated. A little...hermit-like lately. I need to get out. This year's homecoming means more to me than ever.

Plus, we're playing the Red Mesa High School Ant Carpenters, who were dreadful last year, so...should be a fun night, and a big win for our team.

Team? Team. It's a football team, right? A baseball club, a soccer unkindness, a hockey murder, a football team. Yes, that's it. Team.

And now, a public service announcement from the Night Vale Seismological Society, who have released their schedule of upcoming municipally-planned earthquakes.

On Sunday, from 8:00am to 8:30am, there will be a small series of minor tremors. "It's likely you will feel nothing," the seismologists say, as these quakes are just to test some new equipment.

At 3:00pm on Tuesday, there will be an enormous earthquake, rating upwards of 7 to 8 on the Richter scale, so, wear long sleeves, or goggles, or gloves...whatever it is you do to be safe during an earthquake. "We're not entirely sure," the Night Vale Seismological Society said.

The following Saturday, be ready for anything. They're not sure what's going to happen. Maybe nothing! Probably nothing. But...hopefully, something really, really cool. They don't want to get your hopes up, so just be on the lookout, but...no promises.

"Oh, man! Fingers crossed! This could be super amazing!" the Night Vale Seismological Society said.

This just in: There's news breaking of a possible scandal involving one of the Night Vale football players. Senior running back Maliq Herrera, according to an investigative report by Leann Hart of the Night Vale Daily Journal, Herrera doesn't actually exist. Like, he's right there when you look at him, and he plays in a team of other players, so it would make more sense for him to be there than not. But, Hart claims in her report that the all-district running back is, in fact, completely fabricated.

Anonymous sources say that Herrera is collectively imagined by the Night Vale High School fan base – a shared dream, in the form of a boy who won the district rushing title the past two years, and was Freshman of the Year three seasons ago.

Red Mesa is threatening to cancel this Friday's game if Night Vale does not bench Herrera, citing District League Rule 12, Article 6, that states: "All players must be real people. Don't not be a person, OK?" The rule continues, "Because if you're not really real, man, I'm mad just thinking about it!"

Night Vale High School head coach Nazr al-Mujaheed said they will not bench any player until a full investigation is performed, which can't happen until Tuesday – maybe Monday at the earliest.

Coach al-Mujaheed then concluded the statement by removing his goat-horned headpiece and comically large sunglasses, revealing tattoos of cat eyes on his eyelids.

"Coooool," the gathered reporters shouted.

Night Vale? If there's no game, there's no homecoming. If there's no homecoming, we will miss the one chance we have this year to see our lost loved ones! I will miss the chance to talk to my mother! To see many of my friends! To...get out, for once, and...not feel so lonely. We will not have our biggest night of the year to come together as a community. I hope this scandal is not true. And, if it is, that it doesn't...you know, ruin anything.

Well, there is at least one old friend I'll get to see. Listeners, I'm so excited for this next segment! My old friend Earl Harlan is in the studio today. Earl is the new sous chef at Night Vale's hottest new restaurant, Tourniquet. And he's here to teach us a simple and delicious dessert recipe.

Welcome, Earl.

Earl: It's good to see you again, Cecil. It's been a long time.

Cecil: Many of you listening may not know this, but Earl and I grew up together. We fell out of touch for a while, and then he was taken to another world during a Boy Scout ceremony. But I recently saw his name in the news releases about Tourniquet.

Earl: We were very close friends.

Cecil: We were, Earl. What happened after high school? I completely lost track of you.

Earl: Well, I turned 19, and then [chuckles] I was 19 for a long time. I don't even know how long. I was 19 for longer than I care to admit, and then one day, I was suddenly a grownup. I had a kid, and a house, and a job.

Cecil: Some of us mature early, some of us mature late. It sounds like you had plenty of youth left to live after high school, and you just...came to adulthood later.

Earl: Cecil, I meant that literally. I was literally 19 for...oh, I think it was decades. Maybe a century, or more? I don't know exactly how long.

Cecil, we graduated the same year, right?

Cecil: Yeah, of course we did! I remember our graduation party. We drank an entire case of warm orange milk, and told dirty jokes about the moon, until we were frightened off by the sunrise.

Earl: What year was that? Cecil? What year did we graduate?

[Prolonged silence]

You don't remember, do you, Cecil?

Cecil: So, tell us about your recipe, Earl!

Earl: OK, sure thing. [Clears throat] Tiramisu is a popular dessert at many restaurants – especially at Tourniquet – but few people make it at home. Once they hear how easy it is, and how delicious Chef Mason's recipe is, they'll want to make it all the time. They'll want to never stop making tiramisu.

Cecil: Oooh, sounds good!

Earl: NEVER stop making it!

Cecil: Oh-ho.

Earl: They'll lose their minds making it, Cecil!

Cecil: So...what all do you have here? What will our listeners need?

Earl: Well, everyone should have most of these ingredients already at home. A carafe of pre-made coffee, six eggs – go ahead and separate them into whites and yolks, but make sure to remove organs, teeth, and other debris – uh, salt, two tablespoons of cocoa, 1/3 cup of sugar, two cups of marscapone, which is a kind of fish, a package of gluten-free ladyfinger cookies, two ounces of dark rum, and – Chef Mason's special culinary touch – one and a half cups of ground nutmeg.

Cecil: Ohhh! I do love nutmeg. Oh...it's been deveined, right?

Earl: Yes. You can buy deveined nutmeg at most supermarkets, but in case you're grinding it fresh at home, make sure to remove the thick vein running up the nutmeg spine after you kill and clean the animal.

To start, just whisk the egg yolks and 1/4 cup of the sugar in one bowl, and then work in the marscapone. Then, in a separate bowl, you'll want to mix the egg whites, a pinch of salt, and the remaining sugar until firm, like this.

[Sounds of a gas-powered mixer on a farm]

Cecil: That looks easy!

Earl: It is! Mix that into the first bowl, and add the coffee and the rum. Then, dip the cookies into the mixture, lay them into a baking dish, cover with your ground nutmeg, and...

Cecil: Oh, dear, Earl? I feel so silly saying this, but...there's no oven here.

Ugh. I brought a professional chef to do a recipe on my show, and I don't even have a working kitchen!

Earl: [Laughs] Relax, Cecil. We wouldn't have time to completely cook a tiramisu on the air! It takes hours of slow baking in an earth oven. I already brought a finished tiramisu!

Cecil: Earl! How sweet of you! Oh, this looks delicious! I can't wait to share it with the staff.

Earl: Be careful, it is quite poisonous.

Cecil: Oh, yes, of course.

Well, thanks for coming on the show, and congratulations on the huge success of Tourniquet. I hope to get a reservation there soon...will you come on the show again with more tasty recipes? Maybe we can make this a regular cooking feature.

Earl: I'd love to, Cecil. I think we really have something here.

Cecil: Me too!

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Today's program is brought to you by Staples. Staples has the largest collection of office supplies anywhere. From printer toner to paperclips, Staples has everything you could possibly ever want to run your business.

Just imagine it! Imagine your office. A great mahogany desk, with ornate leg carvings depicting old gods, a crisp new suit, and high-backed chair made of rare animal hide. Imagine a workforce that has all it needs to succeed. Imagine an open floor plan, allowing you the freedom to see the stars, which geometrically describe the shapes of Old Gods.

You wail to the stars. You howl your strategic plan to the stars. The Old Gods like your presentation.

You smell prey. Follow the blood scent. Imagine the distant cries of your colleagues baying beneath moonlit pines, their teeth glistening with hunger.

Imagine teamwork. Imagine a business running at its most efficient. Imagine a lone deer, trapped against a wild stream. A wounded leg. Nowhere to run. Surrounded, it will fight...but your business will fight harder. You have everything you need. Plus, there's that refreshing stream for a cold drink when you are through with this gory work.

Staples. Worship Old Gods.

Terrible news, listeners! Just...terrible news. Red Mesa High School has called off Friday Night's game. There will be no homecoming. The campers and RVs that had started to fill up the Night Vale Stadium parking lot have begun to file out.

Maliq Herrera, the running back accused of a false existence, apologized for not being more transparent, and for letting down his school and community. The Night Vale School Board forced the team's hand by suspending Herrera for his corporeal unreality, but...it was too late. The game had already been forfeited.

Our homecoming is no more.

I had...I had so much I wanted to say to my mother! I imagine all of you had so much you wanted to say to your lost loved ones, to...to say to each other. I imagine all that could've been, and all that is now lost. Our biggest community event of the year is gone, perhaps because we imagined too much.

And, to make things worse, a, um [clears throat]...a dangerous storm front is moving right now into Night Vale. You should seek shelter immediately from the imminent rain, and as a duty of public safety, I must take you now to the weather.

["Understood" by Y.R Generation]

It's been five days, Night Vale, since that weather report began. It was a historically massive storm, and we needed the ongoing weather coverage. I hope you are all OK.

I'm looking at some of you right now, and you seem just fine, so...that's good news. Sadly, the homecoming game remained canceled. League officials conducted an investigation into Maliq Herrera's reality and determined he was indeed not real. They said he was tangible, they could feel a body when they touched him, they could hear a voice when they spoke with him. They could see a boy when they looked at him. But Red Mesa coaching staff presented, as evidence, a photograph of the many galaxies of our universe. And, after viewing this, league officials determined that Herrera was too immeasurably small to be considered real.

Coach al-Mujaheed argued that it is unfair to discriminate against someone based on their reality. Just because someone does not exist, does not mean they do not deserve equal rights, equal pursuit of happiness.

Even if al-Mujaheed and Herrera's appeal holds up in the league, it can't bring back the homecoming we did not get to have. We did not get to see our dead friends and relatives this year, Night Vale. We had unanswered questions. We had unfulfilled hugs. We had unacknowledged "I miss yous." We did not get to cry that night the way we wanted to cry that night, Night Vale. The way that, perhaps, we want to cry every night.

And even if there had been a game, the rain from the weekend was so monstrous and so intense that it would have been postponed anyway. There would have been no halftime in that deluge.

But, in spite of all this, coach al-Mujaheed called a pep rally last Friday, in a gesture of support for Maliq Herrera. This – as any time – is when we should join as a town. Despite the game that never was. Students and alumni, unfortunately only those still living, met that night in a rainy parking lot in the well-lit shadow of an empty football stadium.

And we told stories.

Inez Cordova told me about her son, who has started to walk!

Teddy Williams told me he finally rolled a 450 in bowling!

Wilson Levy and Amber Aquini whispered the story of their vacation to Luftnarp last spring!

I told my friend Diane Creighton about Carlos, and how much I miss him, but how proud I am of the great work he is doing. And Diane introduced me to her son, Josh, who is a monarch butterfly. And later, when I saw him, he was a motorbike. Aww, he's a sweet kid, that Josh.

Everyone was sad, and everything was perfect.

We stayed late into the night under the fluorescent corona of the bleachers, eating damp barbecue, wearing our orange ponchos and telling those tales we wanted to tell to those loved ones who have left us. Telling them instead to those who we currently, or may eventually, love.

Tears were hardly noticeable on our rain-streaked cheeks by the time we said our goodbyes.

"Goodbye!" we all said.

"You too!" we all replied.

"Oh! Let's stay in touch!" we all added, with wildly varying levels of intention.

Before getting into my car, I saw Maliq Herrera standing alone, wearing a full football uniform...shoulder pads, knee spikes, and all. I told him he'll be playing again soon, and we're all on his side. Even though he's just a figment of our collective unconscious.

He said, "I don't even like football, sir." He said he likes painting and bound poetry.

I told him he could be an artist, if he wanted.

"Only if the town imagines that for me," he said.

"Ahh. Well, you're a real trooper," I told him.

"Hmm. Just a trooper," he said. "I'm not real. I gotta get to practice now, Mr. Palmer." Then he put on his helmet and jogged away.

"But...it's 2:00am!" I called out. But he had already vanished into the unrelenting storm.

"It sure is, sir!" he called back faintly in my mind.

I fell asleep easily that night. I dreamed of sun, of being with Carlos again, of a lighthouse that was not a lighthouse. Of a world that is not anything at all. Perhaps a dream of things yet to come.

Huh.

Stay tuned next for a radio program that only dogs can hear.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Bonus Episode 1) Minutes (1 November 2014)

The following are the minutes from the Night Vale Community College faculty meeting.

Meeting facilitator was Dr. Vidor Zhabo.

Meeting secretary was Joshua White.

Item 1: Call to Order

Dr. Zhabo called to order the regular meeting of the faculty of Night Vale Community College at 3:00pm on November 1st.

Item 2: Roll Call

Mr. White conducted a roll call; the following were present:

Dr. Sarah Sultan, President of the college
Joshua White, Executive Assistant to the President
Dr. Robert Hernandez, Vice President of Finance, Administration, and Forbidden Numbers
Dr. Stephen Mills, Provost, Vice President of Academic Affairs
An unnamed green cabinet that shakes and whistles, Vice President of Student Affairs
Dr. Henrietta Bell, Dean of Arts and Sciences
Dr. Chandra Mabassa, Dean of Allied Health and Nursing
Dr. Michael Galleti, Dean of Science, Technology, Technology With Finger Quotes, and Mathematics
Dr. Vidor Zhabo, Associate Professor of Humanities
Dr. Allie Laredo, Associate Professor of Inhumanities
Dr. Ibrahim al-Anizi, Associate Professor of Political Science
Dr. James Crawford-Rothwell, Associate Professor of Alternate History
Dr. Alen Stein, Associate Professor of False Biology
Dr. Tamara Hertzwell, Associate Professor of Approved Sciences
Dr. June Richter, Associate Professor of Nursing
Dr. Mohini Buqar, Assistant Professor of Secret English
Professor Jaime Escondo, whose job title is classified – but who also carries a bag of magic teeth. So it's possible he's simply granting his own wishes, and does not actually work here
Dr. Chelsea Dubinski, Assistant Professor of Chemistry
Dr. Stephen Rosenberg, Assistant Professor of Business and Accounting
Professor Mary Ann Gwozdecke, Assistant Professor of Computer and Fire Sciences
Professor Julie Levine, Adjunct Professor of Future French
Professor Incarnita Piel, Adjunct Professor of Weird Spanish
Mr. Terrance Long, Head of Library Prevention and Security
Item 3: Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting

Attendees were advised to insert earplugs. Mr. White then read the minutes from the September meeting. Professor Levine collapsed in a stiff heap, with severe bleeding at the eyes and mouth, due to an improperly formed plug seal in her left ear canal. She was removed for medical treatment. The minutes were approved as read.

Item 4: President's Remarks

President Sultan greeted and thanked attendees, and congratulated all faculty on the successful fall semester. She described recent fundraising efforts for upcoming development projects. The most notable gift has been a generous, but ultimately detrimental donation of thousands of rabbits from proud alumna Mrs. Sylvia Wickersham, who has been replaced by a lizard – and which lizard is now in police custody.

President Sultan stopped mid-sentence, and was silent for several seconds. As the president is a smooth fist-sized river rock, faculty were initially confused as to why she was quiet. It turned out President Sultan was staring at a fixed point in midair. She suddenly began asking, "What is that? What is that thing? Why would anyone do that?" in a small, childlike voice.

Faculty began to shift and turn in their seats, but saw nothing.

This continued until it was decided that the president had nothing further to offer, and Dr. Zhabo picked up the president and placed her back in her terrarium.

Item 5: Announcements, Issues, and Questions

(A): An Update on Freshman Seminar
Dr. Laredo, who took over the Freshman Seminar two years ago, because of Dr. Joel Eisneberg's extended medical leave, described a number of revisions to the program, which she hopes to implement with the faculty's support, including standardizing grading rubrics, working carefully with the library to develop some non-violent literacy programs, possibly reassessing the requirement of plague masks for all freshman, and increasing focus on real-world career skills like running, hiding, and covering their faces with their hands, moaning "Oh no! Oh no!" quietly.

(B): The Unending Hallway on the Second Floor of the Earth Sciences Building
Dr. Hernandez provided an update on facility's progress with the unending hallway situation. Apparently the hallway is now fully finite in breadth. And while it still appears to be infinite in length, the fact that it no longer swallows light itself indicates that this is merely due to the limits of human perception, and the hallway does now possess and end. Somewhere.

However, according to the Director of Facilities Services, all available measuring equipment is still inadequate to chart the length of the hallway, and the readings that have been made indicate that it would take at least six human lifetimes to traverse the full length of the hallway. So, ultimately, the distinction is negligible.

Administrators and faculty are still advised not to schedule classes on the second floor of Earth Sciences until the situation is resolved, unless class size exceeds the available facilities, and students have been cautioned to bring enough food and water to last them the rest of their lives.

(C): Standards Revision for Honors Courses
Dr. Hertzwell announced that as of registration for the spring semester, while the minimum grade point average of 3.0 and SAT score of 1100 have not been changed, students are now no longer required to be fully human to enroll in honors courses. Dr. Hertzwell applauded this progressive change, but lamented that it took so long to make it happen.

Faculty advisers of students who are arthropods, malevolent spirits, or tangible dream-people should recommend application to these advanced courses.

(D): Repeated Fires in the Computer Science Laboratory
Professor Gwozdecke reported that public safety officers have completed their preliminary investigation of the repeated and unexplained fires in the main computer lab. The officers suspect that cause to be arson but, as Professor Gwozdecke pointed out, they are liars. Filthy, disgusting, pestilential liars, who should be embarrassed to tell those kinds of lies where people can hear their crazy nonsense. And, at the very least, they should all be fired. Meaning, set on fire. But also meaning terminated. Meaning, an end brought to their lives. But also meaning fired from their jobs. "At the very least," she added.

She then set a rug on fire with her thoughts.

Item 6: Welcome for Dr. Buqar

Dr. Zhabo asked the assembled to welcome Dr. Mohini Buqar, who joined the faculty as an Assistant Professor of Secret English at the beginning of the spring semester. Dr. Buqar, sweating profusely with a fixed grin that showed far too many of her teeth, greeted the faculty and briefly introduced herself and her interests in a shaky, indistinct voice that gradually climbed in pitch toward a shriek.

Dr. Buqar's doctoral dissertation compared Shakespeare's unproduced and unpublished play, Mirth Forest, with elements of Chaucer's unwritten childhood daydreams. And she enjoys ballroom dance and owns two Siberian huskies. She is teaching two sections of Survey of Secret British Literature, featuring Emily Bronte's epic novel that no one has ever heard of, The Flippancy of Clouds.

Item 7: New Course Proposals for Fall 2015

Humanities 375 – Hegel's Philosophy in Context, taught by Dr. Zhabo
Computer Science 180 – FORTRAN Programming and Flame Resistance, taught by Professor Gwozdecke
Bio 351 – Human Cloning and You and You, taught by Dr. Stone
Tech 220 – Bloodstone Installation and Repair, taught by Professor Mzzzzrrnnnnwrrrnnnnn
History 311 – History of Post-War Germany, taught by Dr. Brown
Alternative History 311 – History of Underwater Germany, taught by Dr. Crawford-Rothwell
Music 208 – Murder Ballads, taught by Professor Norman
Unassigned Course – Oh God! Oh God, Why? Oh Dear God in Heaven, No! taught by Professor Escondo and some pliers
Psych 150 – Peyote Psychology, taught by a wolf with six faces
Business 215 – Laughing at Nonprofit Organizations, taught by Dr. Rosenberg.
Econ 213 – Hatred, taught by Dr. Laredo
Item 8: Presentation Titled "Update From the Assessment Committee"

Presenter: James Crawford-Rothwell

Summary: Dr. Crawford-Rothwell detailed the resolutions made at the most recent meeting of the Assessment Committee. He reminded faculty that all instructors of general education courses must, at the end of the semester, submit a summary of work, one sample assignment, and detailed blood type information for each student, including a full flavor profile.

He distributed to the faculty the revised rubrics for critical thinking, pain endurance, global awareness, and seeing the unseen and unholy.

Discussion: Dr. Stein asked whether human test subjects could be submitted as a sample assignment. Further debate ensued, with some arguing that human subjects constitute laboratory equipment, and others pointing out the impracticality of being unable to submit them electronically.

Dr. Crawford-Rothwell promised that the committee would discuss the issue in their next meeting.

The green cabinet that shakes and whistles, having consumed – ahead of schedule – the full crate of live guinea pigs provided for it to eat during the meeting, emitted a bass hum, and then opened to loose a tendril of pure, pulsating, hate-filled darkness, which encircled and then devoured Dr. Richter, dragging her back into its unknowable depths on the hollow boom of its closing doors.

The meeting was suspended for the assembled to flee for their lives, and reconvened in furtive whispers in an unlit basement room.

Dr. Bell recommended that the "Conclusions and Outcomes" component of critical thinking be changed to end in priority order, rather than in order of priority. The motion was debated and passed with 19 for, 2 against, 2 abstaining, 3 absent and/or presumed dead.

Action Items: Form search committees for replacement full-time Professor of Nursing
Person responsible: Chandra Mabassa

Item 10: Five-Minute Break

Faculty and staff took a short break between presentations to assess the condition of the wounded. Some used the time to smoke a final cigarette while crying. Others gathered around the coffee maker to casually discuss the weather.

["Home" by Theo Adler]

Item 11: Presentation Titled "First Look at Rebranding Efforts"

Presenter: Pamela Kingsworth

Summary: Ms. Kingsworth hastily set up a computer and attached projector, which were retrieved from the original meeting room at no small risk to life and sanity. She unveiled concepts for a new logo and slogans, developed in meetings with a marketing firm. The logo is a black and white but shockingly graphic woodcut of an ethnically diverse group of students devouring the entrails of a wild boar. Behind them is a map of the world with dozens of countries X'd out.

Slogan 1 reads: "There's no excuse for not getting a quality education. You should feel ashamed, and so should your ancestors."
Slogan 2 reads: "Find yourself here, with no memory of the previous week."
Slogan 3 reads: "Ketamine hydrochloride."

If the slogans are approved by the faculty, the college community will vote on them at the next open campus meeting, to be held on Monday, February 23rd.

Discussion: Dr. Long began vomiting and shuddering uncontrollably near the end of Ms. Kingsworth's presentation, although this was found to be unrelated.

Dr. Zhabo remarked on the exceptional artistry of the logo, and insisted on taking a picture with his mobile phone on behalf of Professor Galen in the Art Department, who was unable to attend today's meeting. The phone produced a small cloud of foul-smelling crystals from its camera lens, and then imploded.

Dr. Bell questioned whether the reference to "ancestors" in Slogan 1 was culturally insensitive. Ms. Kingsworth assured the faculty that the advertising firm understood the importance of diversity to the college community, and the inclusivity of the slogans as well as their market impact had been thoroughly researched.

Drs. Crawford-Rothwell and Zhabo debated the issue. No conclusion was reached, although Ms. Kingsworth agreed to raise the issue with the firm as the process continued.

Dr. Bell asked Ms. Kingsworth for the name of the advertising firm the college is consulting. Ms. Kingsworth was silent for seven full minutes, and then proceeded to giggle for the remainder of the meeting.

Dr. Zhabo distributed ballots for approval or disapproval of the slogans. Additional copies will be mailed to each department to be filled out by faculty members who were unable to attend today's meeting. No one will actually mail them – it will just happen, quietly, while no one is looking.

The ballots should be completed and returned to the Office of College Relations, where they will be discarded unread.

Action Items: Complete and return slogan approval ballot
Person responsible: All faculty

Item 12: Presentation Titled "Blood"

Presenter: Blood

Summary: Blood

Discussion: Blood

Distant screeches, perhaps a crow of some kind.

Blood

Action Items: Cost/benefit analysis for expansion of Student Center
Person responsible: Blood

Item 13: Presentation Titled "Tax Information Online"

Presenter: Robert Hernandez

Summary: Dr. Hernandez announced that tax information and forms for college employees for this year's tax season will be available online, through the Employee Self-Service area of the college website.

He demonstrated, via projector, the location of the forms by navigating the website. From the college homepage, employees should go to the Faculty and Staff Portal, then to the Employee Self-Service link under the Human Resources header, then scroll down the page to the section marked Payroll, and click on the link reading Tax Forms.

Users will be shown a picture of a face. It will be a familiar face, but not one they will be able to comprehend or remember. They must maintain silent eye contact with this face. Do not blink. Do not speak. Breathe, but slowly, and without purpose. After several seconds, perhaps minutes, the face will contort into a terrifying grimace as a cacophonous scream fills the room, echoing down the halls, freezing you in terror.

Then, you can download the appropriate form.

Discussion: Dr. al-Anizi asked whether the forms would still be distributed in paper form. Dr. Hernandez confirmed that they would, and the online and paper forms would be identical.

Mr. Long mentioned that he thought computers might be illegal — but even if they're not, they require licenses. He asked if anyone had up-to-date computer licenses for the college. Everyone else urgently shushed him, their eyes dashing left and right, fingers to their tight lips.

Dr. Mills asked if any help was available for faculty and staff members who had forgotten their login information for the Employee Self-Service area. Dr. Hernandez advised him to direct his query to the Help Desk, or to click on the link below the login form and answer the security question.

"You get one attempt," Dr. Hernandez said. "One," he said again. "One. You get one attempt."

He repeated this for several minutes, the register of his voice growing lower and lower.

Action items: Bury an owl feather, six human finger bones, and a mirror in a shallow hole at the base of the largest rock in the mountains, beneath the light of a quarter-full moon. Tell no one. Not even your family. The same night, place a stone under your tongue and wind a ribbon around your mouth until you can make no sound. Sleep. You will dream of a tall, worried man, holding a rope. He will not speak to you, but he will point toward a doorway you do not recognize. It will be very very dark, and a faint cool breeze will blow forth, smelling faintly of copper and water.
Person responsible: Robert Hernandez

Item 14: Adjournment

The faculty met eyes, placed hands upon arms upon shoulders. Dr. Zhabo, weeping, adjourned the meeting at an unknown time, as time is subjective and confusing.

In the flickering candlelight, their synchronous breath were a breezy metronome, marking the only time any of them could possibly understand.

The light went out. And in the darkness, there was a discomforting silence, followed by even more discomforting scratching sounds.

Minutes submitted by: Joshua White
Minutes approved by: The Survivors, presumably

Bonus Episode 2) What of the Sea (15 November 2014)

What of the Sea? by Marta Rainer

This happened, then this happened, then this happened.

She got a potential invitation. It was stuck in between the mesh and tin brace of her screen door, with her name boxily hand-written on the front of the envelope. Across the seam of the back of the envelope was written the acronym S.W.A.C., and no reference was made to its sender.

Sticky, wet letters.

She stood at the entrance of her bungalow, plastic bags of recently-purchased groceries at her feet, and pondered, turning the envelope in her hands, and occasionally meeting her nose to it to sniff for clues, as to its origins. The air was too chilled to glean much information from it that way. It deadened the senses. It was meant to.

Sealed with a kiss, she knew, signing something S.W.A.K.

But S.W.A.C.? What did this C portend? Once a thing is opened, it cannot be closed again, not really. Hasn't that been proven time and time again in this town?

Today's delivery flummoxed her, and she wondered if this letter reception was being stealthily observed. Had the Man in the Tan Jacket been accounted for lately? Sometimes he was everywhere. But no one could remember for certain what he looked like, except he had a tan jacket, and a deerskin suitcase – which was full of flies.

Had a librarian escaped? Sometimes they tried to lure prey by sending library cards to potential book lovers. In fact, there were periods this year where a librarian seemed to be escaping nearly every day.

Sealed with a card? No.

Perhaps a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency! Or another political flier from the five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels, or the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lived in Her Home. It couldn't be the former, as there were no scorch marks, and definitely not the latter, as the Faceless Old Woman mostly scrawled her messages on the insides of closet doors, and in the margins of her municipally-required dream journal.

It could have been innumerable letter writers. There were three hollow trees just on her block that someone could be hiding in. A blimp careening overhead. An overturned car down the way.

She ceased her conjecture. She had to get all the black garlic ice cream pints and paper towels into the freezer. She should put all these sundries into the fridge and secure all her glassware before today's scheduled earthquakes.

She swiftly checked if other mail was waiting for her in its proper receptacle – none yet, but the postman Angus may have been lollygagging or gagging full-stop en route – and ventured inside.

The letter was most assuredly hand delivered. The door chased her backside with a uproarious schoomp!, caught itself at the last minute, and politely bopped closed.

Sealed with a...

It might have been a misspelling, of course. Perhaps the sender did in fact kiss it just after it was sealed.

Perhaps the sender took pleasure in imagining her gussied up in her aubergine dress and kitten heels, tights with line designs, a crocheted shawl, her froofy hat, and wielding a mottled cane – which she didn't need, but enjoyed the feeling of swagger that it provided – and also, glasses framing her green eyes. Contact lenses always seemed to rebel against their function in her eyeballs, like fire. Fire. But, specifically, her bedazzled cat-eye frames, rather than her everyday browns. And also, eye makeup.

She smiled at that image of herself in her brain, which was much more acceptable than the untrustworthy image of herself in the mirror.

She hoped the content of the envelope would be revealed to be an invitation to a party, where such a getup would be appropriate. It had been three weeks on a rigid diet of black garlic ice cream and sundries: apples, deli mustard, goat's eggs, et cetera. You know it. And she was seeing results. Trendy diets be darned! If a thing works, a thing works. And this thing works. Sometimes things are trendy for a reason, she justified.

S.W.A.C.

Perhaps the sender meant K, for kiss, because the act of their lips meeting with the paper had already taken place, but then they were so overwhelmed by their vision of her that their hand briefly didn't work?

But...it could have been from an unfriendly rival. Or a vindictive ex. It could have been from a genetically overachieving wombat, with orthographic training and questionable spelling.

What did that C portend? Sealed with a compliment? A consonant? A carton of glue? A cartouche? A carat, as in gold? A carrot, as in vegetable? A century's worth of spite?

Sealed with a charm.

Aaah, a charm! And if so, should she open this at all? Fool me once, she thought, as she filled the freezer with the packed pints, reserving one out on the counter for immediate attention, from which she coaxed the plastic top and found a tin spoon where it should be, in the silverware drawer – which is always directly above the hot milk drawer.

She had a series of bites and thoughts, pressing the ice cream about her mouth.

What if, in the opening, something...horrendous would get unleashed, and all the fleeting thoughts that flashed in her brain that day would come to fruition? As an example.

And so, what did she think today?

She thought about postman Angus, lollygagging or gagging. That was a fairly recent thought. And, once remembered, it lingered. In her mind, he had spotted a wildflower blooming on, say, the old Bandera lot, and became consumed with picking it for his tinctures. He would fish his wire cutters from his mail bag, clip an Angus-sized hole in the wire fence, and squeeze himself through to gain his treasure.

She thought about how her letters would often come stained with pollen, as they increasingly shared the postal bag with this roving apothecary in the making. And how, once, an inchworm sat up from its self-claimed letter bed when she opened a bill from her podiatrist, as if she had disturbed its slumber.

She thought about the last letter she got from her sister, who lived a block over, but had impulse-purchased reams of Victorian-inspired stationary from a door-to-door salesdeer, and now wrote anyone about anything, just to regain her living room space. The letter was sticky with tree sap, and her sister had scribbled "Wait, what did you say?" And what she had said, on a previous day, in a previous month, sitting across from her sister as they shared an afternoon cocoa and rye toast (pre wheat ban), was "A green-blue ring."

Her sister's letters were confusing, because they were written in immediate response to a conversation, but posted in a big batch at the end of each day, and since the time of the post office's vacuum portal, which demotivated its swallowed staff, were received sporadically, out of order, and in poor condition. The letters were therefore work to comprehend, and sometimes she thought about not reading them, then worried that she might miss one that truly was a complete letter, thoughtfully crafted by her sister about an intimate issue, and not a rhetorical "What?" or "Excuse me?" or a query about what song or brand of tea this is, or an unsupported rebuttal point long lost to chronological context. She would not want to miss the rare, real letter.

They were close, the two sisters. They took a trip together last year to a glacial lake, and didn't come home with stories or tans, but lots of digital pictures of birds. People asked them, "Wasn't there any sunshine, or lovely scenery? Did you get out on a paddle boat once, at least?"

"Birds," the sisters said. "We saw incredible birds."

C.

S.W.A.C.

The letter took on more ominous importance with each spoonful. She brought the missive, now warmer and violently (violet-ly) more fragrant, and the ice cream pint, now warmer too, over to the sleeper sofa, and placed both on the adjacent coffee table.

She could feel a change in the weather. She felt it in her knees, and in her hair.

["Ruins" by Mortheth]

The mystery of the envelope weighed on her chest and eyelids, and she felt burdened by the responsibility of the unknown consequences of investigating the epistle's insides. Was any societal gathering worth the dark magic its acceptance could unfurl? Isn't magic just a fiction? Isn't society?

Did nice people need Cs? She did not appreciate it, nor did she want it.

She took the straight end of the spoon and slid it underneath the slight separation between gum-shut seal and folded corner. The spoon fit perfectly. She contemplated the slight lift of her elbow, the outward flick of her arm and carpal follow through, a gesture which would send the tin spoon through the paper's protective. – or secretive – crease.

What C would be revealed?

Or released?

The spoon slid out carefully, the crease unharmed. Gathering all her gusto, she instead reached under the sofa bed and found her stash of writing utensils. They were illegal, yes, but everyone had them. Secret Police rarely wrote tickets for pencil possession. She was careful. And, more than careful, she was private. And, more than private, she was...discreet.

She touched the tip of her tongue, then to her block printed name on the envelope. She drew calligraphic swirls with thick serifs and ornate curves.

She wrote, "For postman Angus" on the front, in an architectural script meant to hide her own name and original intent of receipt.

She ran her first two fingers softly along the sealed flap, as if to seal it with her own S.W.A.C.

Carefully snaking her hand through the gap of her slightly-ajar screen door, so as not to alert the windowless surveillance van across the street, she returned the newly-fashioned envelope back to where she herself had discovered it, and shut herself back inside.

The ground began to tremble. She looked at the clock, surprised to note that the city started an earthquake on schedule for once.

She trusted that Angus knew more about these things than she ever could, or cared to. She trusted that should something bad happen, he would have the herbal remedy, or floral tincture on hand, to immediately set it, or something, right.

She stood at the front window, and peeked out the peach-colored Venetian slats, making herself gray in the darkening afternoon room.

She cracked a goat's egg over the liquid remainder of her ice cream. She put the letter from her mind, and listened for the rumble of him.

57) The List (1 December 2014)

Breathe deep. Deeper than that. Get far below sea level and breathe. Breathe in a cave. Breathe in a deeper cave. Breathe deeper and deeper until you can't find your way back.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Some of you might remember, but most of you won't, that you were given a list. Nearly two years ago, you were given a list, and told to memorize it exactly. Keep it safe, so that someday, it would keep you safe.

Well, listeners? The Sheriff's Secret Police would like me to inform you that the "someday" you've been waiting for is this day. This is the day in which you will need that list we gave you. Do you still have it? Do you remember it? Exactly. Are you safe? Are you safe? Well, we will all find out soon enough. Good luck.

Harrison Kip, adjunct professor of archaeology at Night Vale Community College, announced today that he has found something out in the desert.

"Whoa!" he explained to no one, a dot in a vast landscape of sand and wind. "Oh, man!" he continued, looking at the thing he found.

He has declined, so far, to describe what he has found, or offer any details or, for that matter, do anything but stare at whatever this thing he found was, and continued to say things like, "Wow!" and "They're never going to believe this!"

We reached out to Sarah Sultan, president of the Community College, for additional information, but she would not provide any, saying only that Harrison is on a private dig, funded by a small group of anonymous sponsors. She said, "Although I have never met them in person, I have spoken to the sponsors by telephone, and they have our best interests at heart."

"I am sure of it," she added. "Plus, they totally funded this dig thing, so, what am I going to do, just start asking questions?"

A lone helicopter on a precautionary sweep of that expanse of the empty desert reported that Harrison is still kneeling over whatever it is he has found; explaining to himself, in an unrecognizable language, the incredible nature of whatever that thing is.

More on this, eventually. I guess. Whatever.

The Greater Night Vale Medical Community, in conjunction with the mayor's office, announced the new city-wide campaign for Meatless Mondays. Each week, in recognition of the immense impact of meat on the environment and public health, Meatless Mondays will be the days we all set aside to try not to be made of meat. We will all sit quietly, and attempt to will ourselves into a state of inorganic bliss, seeking to turn our feeble bodies into metal, or silicon, or stone.

When we fail to do this, as is likely (according to the most recently issued laws of physics), we will all engage in a group denouncing circle to try to understand whose betrayal is causing the continued failure of this important day.

And now, a look at traffic.

We are eternal! We will not last!

Obviously, you know that when you die, the matter that is your matter will just become matter, no article attached. That matter will belong to any number of things. That matter is not you. That matter was never you.

We are eternal! We will not last!

But there is more to you than matter. When you die, you will not disappear until everyone who remembers you, and whose actions are affected – however slightly – by your memory, until all of those people die, and you are completely forgotten.

We are eternal! We will not last!

But even then, you are not gone. Not until all the people who remember and are affected by those people who remembered, and were affected by you, are gone.

We will not last!

But even then, you are not gone. Not until all the people who remember and are affected by those people who remembered, and were affected by those people who...and so on, and so on, and on.

We are eternal!

You will persist, ever so faintly, ever so slightly, on into perpetuity. Long after everything about you no longer matters. Your life is so small. But, in the setting sun of this universe, its shadow is cast down through generation after generation, until it gets blurry and hard to see...but still there. A breath of a wisp of a thread stretching out before you.

We are eternal! But we will not last!

There's a fender bender on Route 800, near Exit 84B. Expect delays.

This has been traffic.

Update: We still aren't sure exactly when or how you will need that list today. You remember the list, right? You were given a list some time ago. You should have memorized it. If you didn't...[Cecil moans]...I mean, if you diiiidnnnnn't......wellllllllllll, I mean.....if you diiiiidnnnn'ttttt [Cecil moans, and possibly a wolf howls in the distance]...

No one can make your destiny for you. Only you can make your destiny. Only you and the privileges you were born with, and a whole lot of aimless, meaningless, luck, can make your destiny.

The Sheriff's Secret Police are going around town, checking in with everyone and seeing if they have the list memorized. If you don't, they helpfully are shaking their heads and tsk-ing, and then saying, "Wow, you're in trouble!" before leaving you to fend for yourself against whatever dangers this list would have protected you from.

More on this soon, as you desperately try to remember the list that was told to you. Or even when it was told to you, and in what context. It's a very important list.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

An empty food bowl.
An untouched water bowl.
A silence in the house.
A cage containing nothing.
A feeling of unease that was once soothed by a joyous instinctual companionship.

We listen out our window, and hear not a passing jangle. Not a "No," or a "Wait for me!" Nothing meows. Nothing does. Absolutely nothing meows.

The night is so quiet that our thoughts are a clatter, keeping us awake.

In the distance, a dog doesn't bark.

PetCo. Where did the pets go?

Old Woman Josie told me over a round of bowling down at the Desert Flower that construction on the New Old Opera House is continuing along well. They have already completed the initial arches, the outer flood banks, and the primary stables. "Yup," she said, holding her ball in preparation for her turn. "This town will have opera once again."

"But what is opera," everyone else in the league asked her. "Is a kind of plant? Does it have rough, leathery skin?"

But she wouldn't say anything more, and just let go of the ball, which was then carried by a creature named Erika (who definitely wasn't an angel) down the lane while Erika said "Roll, roll! This is a ball rolling!" And then Erika kicked over all the pins, while saying, "Crash! Bam! The ball just hit all these pins and knocked them all over! Wow! What a shot!"

Of course, none of us could...legally acknowledge the existence of Erika, so...we had to let the strike stand uncontested.

And now, an update on you.

Just now, there was a Man in a Tan Jacket, holding a deerskin suitcase, looking over your shoulder. You're sure of it. Only you don't quite remember it happening. It's blurry, and distant, like a dream you had when you were little, and now as an adult, you can't remember if it was a dream or something that actually happened to you.

But there was a man. There was a man, right? You grasp to recall, but flail only at fragments and gap.

He was looking over your shoulder with interest, a deerskin suitcase in his right hand. The suitcase was making a buzzing sound. Perhaps the man was too? You don't remember. "None of this is real," you think. "None of it happened. This is fiction. You are hearing a fictional story, and this did not happen to you."

Still, you can't shake the feeling that it did happen to you; that just moments ago, you turned, and over your shoulder was the Man in a Tan Jacket, holding a deerskin suitcase. He might still be there now. You're afraid to check. Or, maybe, you already checked, and now can't remember doing it.

You turn to look. Nothing there. You turn back.

"Nothing there," you think with relief. Only, now, there is a question mark on it. "Nothing there? Was there nothing there?"

The Man in the Tan Jacket spoke to you, quite urgently, about...something, but what? He had a map. He was pointing at a place on the map. Now, you don't even know what area of the world the map depicted, let alone where he was pointing.

"This is all a made-up story," you tell yourself. You decide to feel entertained by the made-up story I just told to you.

And yet...

And yet......

You can't shake the feeling, a feeling located just over your shoulder, that this made-up story might not be made-up at all.

Oh. Ohhh, my. Listeners, the sun is gone! It is not covered by a cloud; it has left, and we know that the sun is generally pretty brave and only leaves when something very frightening indeed is in the area. What could have frightened the sun away?

Now is the time, I'm– I'm sure. Now is the time you need to know the list. Try to remember. Did you write it down, perhaps? Scramble around in the junk drawer in the kitchen, among take-out menus that are years out of date, and fliers for health clubs that you never joined. Try to find where you wrote down that list.

But it is too late! There is a growl that comes from everywhere. Some sort of shape descends from the sunless clouds, and a voice, like through a loudspeaker, tells us that now is the time to recite the list, or else!

This is it. If you don't know, then you don't know. I know, at least that. I know. Oh! Did Carlos know? Thank the mysterious lights in the sky he wasn't here! Who knows if his brain, so packed with science, would have let a few stray bits of language slip from his memory!

Listeners – those left to listen – I take you now, reciting the list, reciting for your very lives, to the weather.

Hazelnut
Mystify
Cuttlefish
Lark
Lurk
Ro–

["Upside Down World" by Paisley Rae]

Beat

Beat

Beat


Beat



Beat

Oh. I am still here. I am looking at my fingers. I am examining my limbs, I am placing one hand on my chest (like in the chanted blood oaths we were forced to swear to the flag each morning as children), and I feel the circulation of air and fluid throughout my body, the simple machine of liquid dynamics and electrical impulses that sustains through some ridiculous coincidence of physical law, the sentience through which I am speaking to you.

Everything seems to be in order...in that I am nervous, and uncertain, and feel an emptiness sometimes which can never be filled, which maybe shouldn't be filled, and a sadness sometimes which wells up regardless of context or reason.

So, everything perfectly in order. I'm fine.

We are, as a community, stepping out into the street. We are gathering in open places. I, too, am going. I, too, am stepping out into the street and gathering in open places. Here we all are, in Mission Grove Park, and me, among you, speaking into this microphone which, as always, I am uncertain is even connected to anything, but...I don't care. Either way. Because I know I am connected to all of you, now.

I have felt disconnected lately. My being has been split between the here and the now, and the there and the now. My relationship with Carlos currently exists within the idea of distance, within the concept of space, rather than in any specific place.

There have been moments where I have doubted my fellow citizens, or have felt perhaps even threatened by them.

But that is not the case now, in this moment, here, in this park.

Diane Creighton is with her son Josh, who this morning is a meadowlark. I feel only love for them.

Jackie Fiero, from the pawn shop, is showing Francis Donaldson of the Antiques Mall a cool knife that someone pawned by running in, shouting "Hide this!" and running out. There is nothing not to trust and adore about this moment between fellow humans.

A cluster of Hooded Figures lurk along the corner of the park, pointing at various people, seeming to leer and laugh at the oblivious citizens. I am terrified of the Hooded Figures. But also, comforted by their menace. I think they are even pointing now at me, whispering, and I've never felt more at home.

Janice, my young niece Janice, is here, joined with the rest of us in the park, along with her family whom I don't like to talk about much, but whom I tolerate in all the requisite familial ways. Janice is with her friends Edmond, and Megan, and Patrice, and she's waving to me, and I am waving back. I am so glad she remembered the list. I'm glad we all did. There doesn't seem to be a single person missing. I counted, and every single resident of Night Vale is in the park, and doing fine. We heave our shoulders to express release, we sigh to show others we are relieved. We all breathe once, in unison, accidentally.

"Wilson?" says one of us to another. "How are things going, Wilson?"

"Oh, you know," says the other, although he does not know. "How are things with you, Amber?"

"Oh, good," she says. And she is right. Things are good.

And they both take the hand of the person they love, and Amber smiles at Wilson, and Wilson smiles at Amber, and everyone smiles at everyone and at everything, and no one is OK, exactly, but we're outside and we're smiling. And that is a kind of perfection of its own.

Oh. Uh, a Sheriff's Secret Police representative arrives in the usual way, by rappelling from the sky and crashing into the middle of our happy huddle, in a...[clears throat] in a cloud of tear gas and flashing lights. As several people choke and disperse, the representative shouts to us that today was only a drill, that no one was in danger, that this was not actually the day we needed to know the list, although that day may someday come, is already coming, is imminent in the most general meaning of the word imminent, and that we are safe but that we are also in grave danger. We are both at once, and are thus free to fully enjoy our lives. A representative shouts into a bullhorn from somewhere behind a line of armored vans.

So, there you are, listeners. All of you who have escaped the tear gas to listen to these words, we were safe all along, and we will stay safe until that time – sooner or later but definitely always on its way – when we are not safe once again.

Stay tuned next for a surprised man shuffling papers frantically and saying, "Uh, uh, uh" into a mic he did not expect to be on.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

58) Monolith (15 December 2014)

If it looks like a duck, and it quacks like a duck...you should not be so quick to jump to conclusions.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners, someone built a monolith in front of City Hall overnight.

Last night, there was no 15-foot tall, two-foot thick rectangle made of blue slate towering over the faded grass and weakened tulip garden in front of City Hall. But now, there is. A monolith, with indifferent geometry and a long, sharp shadow cast by the low morning sun. It is an ominous construction, channeling ancient powers and long-dead gods. Perhaps, it is even connected to our primordial extra-terrestrial ancestry. And now, just a few days before Christmas, this looming, dark stone shows up mysteriously in the night, casting scornful shadows across both our dreams and our primitive understanding of the world.

It's super-festive and I love it! Whoever put that thing up, good job! It must weigh...20 tons? Don't know how you did it, but way to get us all into the holiday spirit!

I talked to Carlos the other night, listeners. He's still trapped in the...[clears throat] not trapped. I told him I'd stop saying he's trapped in the desert otherworld. He is...doing work there.

He said after a few months of feeling helpless he's made some friends, like the giant soldiers Doug and Alicia, and even gotten a lot of research done. He doesn't feel trapped at all. I told him that he was locked in that alternate desert against his will, and has been unable to return so, that seems to me like a pretty strong definition of "trapped."

He said he used to feel that way. But now he no longer feels threatened by the rumbling beneath the sand, or the strange armies that move about the beige wastescape. None of them fighting, only...wandering.

He feels like this desert – the most scientifically interesting place in the otherworld – is where he needs to be. For now.

He quoted that old adage, "when God closes a door, God opens a window, then God cracks a few knuckles, then God kicks a pine cone up the sidewalk. God also chews a whole bunch of gum. God recently quit smoking, and is really fidgety."

Carlos used that classic saying to point out that this desert is a great opportunity for his career as a scientist. And I respect that.

I asked if he found an old oak door with only one side that could possibly bring him back to Night Vale.

He said he hadn't, but then he asked, "Cecil, if I find that doorway, would you...maybe...come here again? Just for a visit. I want you to meet Alicia. Alicia has a Bichon Frisé the size of a Prius, and is really into astronomy. They also showed me some planets and comets they really like. Also, the constellations change every night here! There are new shapes of mythic heroes in the sky every night. I'd love you to come visit," Carlos told me.

[Sigh]

"We'll see. It does sound nicer than I remember," I said.

"Neat," he said.

I'd love to be near Carlos again. We've had a great time talking nearly every night, but it's...hard to know how much meeting eyes or touching hands means until it's gone. Plus, I could use a vacation. Other than that brief escape through the same desert otherworld this spring, I don't think I've been out of Night Vale since...wow, um, Luftnarp? Svitz. Ugh. Time flies, comma, is weird.

Oh, big news! This Wednesday afternoon is the opening ceremony of the revitalized Old Town Drawbridge. Because of massive setbacks two years ago, and a complete lack of a body of water that would even necessitate a drawbridge, the opening was delayed by 14 years – including a budget increase of over 20 million dollars. So, technically, we're still 12 years away from completion, but the City Council though we might as well have the opening ceremony now.

"We've already burned through the 20 million dollars," the City Council announced in unison via conference call from a cruise ship. The Council were all wearing matching sunglasses and floppy hats, and drinking a pastel liquid through long curly straws out of one large pineapple.

The opening ceremony will be held in a collective shared daydream Wednesday afternoon. So, make sure you're doing something that is unchallenging (both physically and mentally) on Wednesday so you can drift off into this fun community dream event.

We're starting to get complaints about the new monolith that appeared overnight in front of City Hall. The monolith has begun to hover. I mean, not by much, don't freak out over a hovering monolith. It's, like, two or three inches. Not a full foot, or more.

The complaints, though, are not about the hovering. They're about the placement of the monolith. Our town (and country for that matter) was based on the separation of ancient long-dead religions and state.

Juanita Jefferson, head of the community organization Night Vale or Nothing, announced her group's protest against a prominent symbol of old gods and possibly our primordial extra-terrestrial origins being displayed on government property.

The City Council retorted by slurping their cocktail loudly from the still-active Skype connection on a nearby Acer laptop that no one knew how to turn off.

Jefferson added, "Treeeeeeeees! They are us!" then bit into a small metal pipe wrapped in a hot dog bun. While she chewed, we could still hear her speaking clearly, "Treeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!" she said, her closed mouth moving in slow, undulating cast iron crunches.

Several others have come to Jefferson's side in this issue, claiming that while they still fervently worship old gods (many showing off bloodstained shoes and sharp rocks wrapped in strips of flesh), they do not believe it is the government's place to express these beliefs so publicly.

"[Sound not entirely unlike the slurping of the last bits of a cocktail from the bottom of a large pineapple, followed by a loud ‘Aah'-sounding exhale]," came the City Council's reply from the computer.

More on this controversy as it grows out of hand. But first, a word from our sponsor.

Today's show is brought to you by silent self reflection.

Are you aware of what's inside of you?

No, not soft meats and deadly microorganisms. More than that. What makes you you?

How are you able to acknowledge that you are even a thing, separate from the rest of the universe?

Do you find yourself casting about in the white noise of the living world, your eardrums clogged with the filth of existence?

We here at Night Vale Community Radio recommend silent self reflection. Give it a try.

Here's some silence. During this silence, reflect on yourself. Reflect on your life, your being. Close your eyes, and just reflect. Let in no sights, no sounds – and reflect.

Ready? Here goes.

[A span of complete silence]

Did you reflect? That was a long silence, right? Do you know how long that silence was? Ha-ha! It was two weeks! You've been unconscious for two full weeks! You've been pronounced legally dead! Your family misses you, but you're finally free to be the living ghost you've always dreamed of being. Ha-ha-ha! Congratulations! Enjoy a life free of legal consequence.

And now, an update on the monolith.

Some protesters have shown up at City Hall carrying signs against the monolith. The signs read, "NO MONOLITHS ON CITY PROPERTY," and then a slash through that phrase. Which is confusing, because that seems like a double negative, but when you look closely, there's also a line through the NO part, so it's a triple negative, which reduces down to a single negative.

There are other signs that are just painted solid colors, so it looks like the monolith has lost the support of the abstract expressionist community as well.

Fortunately, the Sheriff's Secret Police have already gently kettled the protesters into a fenced-in section of a distant parking lot, where no one can see or hear their protests – thus keeping public order and still allowing for freedom of speech. A win-win.

Counter-protesters have also arrived in support of the monolith, demonstrating their distaste for people against the monolith. They're holding signs that have a picture of a monolith or...maybe it's the letter I, or L, or the number 1. It's...hard to say, what with sans-serif fonts being all the rage these days.

Police have placed the counter-protesters into a pen, next to the original protesters, and covered both pens with an opaque and sound-proof velvet drape.

Oh! We're getting word that the monolith is vibrating, and loudly humming. Also, it's glowing. But I don't know. I can't feel or see that so...not really my problem now, is it?

Let's have a look at sports.

The Night Vale High School Scorpions had a rough 2014 season. It was capped off by a scandal involving junior running back Maliq Herrera. The Scorpions had to forfeit all wins in which Herrera played because he violated district rules by never truly existing.

One of the team's best defenders, senior safety Jessica Lexington, was sidelined most of the season with spinal parasites she got in late September after refusing to yield on a highway off-ramp.

Additionally, sophomore quarterback Henry Lexington, Jessica's younger brother, struggled in his first season as a starter. By year end, he showed some improvement as coach Nasr al-Mujaheed worked with Lexington on holding the ball with his own hands, and throwing the ball with his own arms – not other people's as he had been doing early in the season.

But, on the bright side, it looks like former Scorpions quarterback Michael Sandero has gone on to great success after graduation. Many of you know, Michael was recruited by a university called Mitch-igan. Mi– Mish– M– Mitch-again. Mitch-igan. Mishigan. Michigan. I'm not a big sports fan myself, so I have no idea what state the University of Mitchigan is located in, but apparently they have just completed an undefeated season with Michael as quarterback, and will compete in the college football playoffs against another school called...Ollabomma. Again, sounds like a private school. I've never heard that name before.

Michigan is favored to win the title this year, and Michael is a front-runner for the Heisman Trophy, given to college football's best player. His control over weather elements and powerful pyrokinesis skills proved invaluable to a previously struggling Mitchigan offense.

Good luck, Michael! Your hometown is cheering for you!

An update on the glowing and shaking monolith:

The earth below it has split open, and the Secret Police have issued a statement saying they regret silencing the original protesters. They have since let the protesters out, asking them to protest a little harder.

"Also, protest closer to the monolith, okay?" the Secret Police shouted at the confused protesters, whose eyes were still adjusting to the bright daylight after being in a dark pen all afternoon. "Try getting right up on the thing, and protesting!" the officers called from behind their cruisers.

The Secret Police also asked counter protesters to try talking to the monolith.

"You like it so much, why don't you marry it?" the Secret police teased, before adding, "No, no, seriously, go talk to that thing, OK? It is freaking us out!"

But all protesters have scattered from the scene.

The monolith is now shaking violently. I can– I can hear it, here in the station. I can feel it throughout my body. My skin is rattling! I can see the great green glow. It is so bright! The cement walls of our station seem almost to be fading!

So, as our physical being becomes either rent into atomic mist, or subsumed by a sphere of cosmic energy, let me – in my final act as a tangible being – bring you today's weather.

["Anything I Want You To" by The Rizzos]

Well, the monolith split open. There was a deafening crack of shattered stone, a flash of blinding light, the stench and taste of sulfur, as we felt rocky dust settling upon our cowardly crouching backs.

In the hazy aftermath we looked for the dead, and found none.

We looked for the wounded, and found none.

We looked for damaged streets and buildings, and found...well, we found presents. We found city streets strewn with gold-wrapped toys and parcels of fine chocolates. There were ornate bags filled with silk scarves and swirling gilded ribbons and glittery notes wishing every person in Night Vale season's greetings, along with gift cards to popular stores like Target, and the Ralph's, and Hatred.

Aaah, um, hmm. Look. I hate to rant. But given that Night Vale long ago abolished materialism, this seems like a cruel holiday prank. I– I'm glad no one was hurt, but this whole monolith thing was really annoying! It was not a deadly threat to our city or our lives, merely a time-wasting tribute to the worst qualities of the old gods. It took most of the afternoon to clean this up, but thankfully, it's all been swept away and dumped into the landfill.

The City Council, upon hearing of the storm of holiday presents upon our town, swiftly and nobly returned from their tax-funded island vacation, and offered their condolences for us having to witness this consumerist assault.

They reminded us that Santa is a CIA-created myth, and that the holidays shouldn't be about buying things, or getting things, or even giving things.

"Christmas," they chanted in unison, "is about being a little less distrustful of neighbors. Of casting our eyes down more respectfully when we pass Hooded Figures, or people wearing some kind of official-looking firearm. Christmas is about being at home with family. Doors locked, everyone speaking clearly, and within range of the hidden cameras."

At that moment, a low-flying police helicopter passed over City Hall, its searchlight frantically flashing across the terrified faces of every single citizen. It was truly a magical Christmas moment, and the whole crowd winced with holiday cheer.

One lone person asked, "But isn't Christmas a religious holiday? Should the city really be promoting a religious holiday?"

The City Council quickly replied, "Not any religion that we're aware of!" and the Secret Police kindly ushered that grumpy Scrooge off to a less public place.

Night Vale, sometimes we see something strange and different, and our first reaction is to loathe and fear it, to bring rage and scorn against its very being, but that's not the Christmas spirit. This is the time of year we must learn to not shout down things we don't know or understand, but simply hide from them, and later pretend they were never there at all.

And today, we mostly did that. We mostly did good, Night Vale!

Huh. Maybe it will be a merry Christmas for everyone. Maybe, this is an auspicious start to the holidays.

Hey! That's the best part about the future. Anything you want to be possible is possible – as long as you don't think about it too hard.

Stay tuned next for the sound of something clawing its way out of your chest.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

59) Antiques (1 January 2015)

It's not darkest before the dawn. It's actually darkest after all the stars have gone out. It's very dark then.

Welcome to Night Vale.

We begin this new year with some troubling news. Frances Donaldson, owner of the Antiques Mall, has reported that some of her antiques have escaped. She said that when she fed them this morning, they were all accounted for. But when she went back for the usual mid-afternoon watering, the fence had been cut and over half of the antiques were missing.

"They didn't escape," she corrected reporters, who were just trying to talk to her a bit about what had happened, were just doing their best to help her out, and so didn't need to have their heads bitten off for using a different word, but...whatever.

"They didn't escape," she said. "They were set free."

All surveillance cameras in the immediate vicinity – and this is not a particularly interesting or dangerous part of Night Vale, so there were only three hundred and forty-four – had been disabled, or moved to point away from the antiques pen, or had their tapes replaced with VHS cassettes full of Matlock episodes, recorded and re-recorded over each other so that each tape shows ghosts of every Matlock at once – a single, unified, Matlock, through the flicker and warp of video age.

The Secret Police warn citizens that antiques are wild animals, and while generally friendly, their behavior can be unpredictable. If you see an antique, do not approach it. Simply put your hands over your chest, scream "We're all about to be eaten!" and run blindly away.

"Although it's possible this may cause the antique to instinctually go into hunting behavior and chase you. We didn't bother to check. Look, we were kind of busy. Was there something stopping you from doing this research?" the Sheriff's Secret Police concluded, before shaking their heads and melting back into the walls.

Strexcorp Synernists Inc., the company you might remember as our former unfriendly overlords – or you might not remember them if your memory has been altered or erased. Anyway, Strexcorp is, of course, owned by beings that are...difficult to describe without using the illegal term "angels," but who are all named Erika. As part of their continual process to turn the power of Strexcorp toward the betterment of our world, the Erikas have started the process of releasing those people whose lives Strexcorp took possession of, back during what could be termed it's "bad boy days" or "dystopian capitalist hell days" – whichever you prefer.

Among those released is Janis Rio (from down the street), last seen entering a condo, which you should definitely never do. Never go into a condo.

Also released: Lucy and Hannah Gutierrez, former owners of the former White Sand Ice Cream Shop that's bankruptcy led to their lives being confiscated by Strex. They are looking well and fit, no worse for the wear than any ordinary person who is, say, imprisoned by the City Council in the Abandoned Mine Shaft outside of town for voting incorrectly on municipal elections. Ha-ha, we all experience extra-legal extended imprisonment at some point in our lives, after all.

They pledge to restart their ice cream shop, and are currently running a Kickstarter to gather together the funds. In order to get better results, the Kickstarter is labeled as being for a blender you can plug an iPhone into to get real-time blending stats and earn blending points on The Blending Community. It is not actually for that, though, it's for an ice cream shop! And I don't know about you, but I can't wait to have another bite of that magical Gutierrez ice cream.

Chad Bowinger, who lives in the Shambling Orphan housing development down by the Haunted Baseball Diamond, said "It is a sadness, what we do to each other. It is a weeping, and a gnashing of teeth."

I don't think this was in relation to Strexcorp, or Kickstarter, but he walked by and said that to me, so I thought I'd throw it in. Thanks, Chad!

And now another edition of the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

Stick out your tongue. Farther...farther...is that really as far as you can get it? I bet you can get it a little farther than that!

Wow! That's, like, three feet! Honestly, I– I expected an inch or so. Uh!Oh! Uh...now it's at five feet! How– how long is your tongue? How long is a tongue supposed to be? Um, uh, can we get someone to check on that?

Th– this is starting to freak me out a little, your endless tongue. This was supposed to be a fun and challenging exercise, but now I'm questioning everything about myself and my life. I'm– I'm shivering! Your– your tongue is reaching out the door, it's down the street, it– it's rolling out of town! Look how far your tongue stretches!

You have not done well, young child. But you've certainly done something. You certainly have.

And somewhere, the tip of your tongue is still rolling on, tasting a world that neither it nor you can see.

Say, are you related to uh...huh...never mind. That doesn't matter.

Oh, god! Oh god, that...that tongue! That hideous infinite tongue!

This has been the Children's...Fun Fact...Science...Corner.

There are many reports coming in about the missing antiques. People have seen antique tracks, have heard creatures rooting around in their garbage, grazing on their lawns, loping through their back yards. It has been difficult to tell which direction the antiques are moving, because many of these reports contradict each other and most are likely people mixing up the antiques with other similar-looking animals, like owls, or hyenas, or bacteria.

Intern Maureen, who has, all told, been intern longer than anyone I can remember – well done, Maureen! – anyway, Maureen is back at school right now, so her friend Hector is taking over for a bit. Hi, Hector! Great to have you on.

Intern Hector is waving, he's saying hello, he doesn't have a mic, so his "hello" doesn't exist for you. Nothing exists for you outside of my voice saying it does.

Anyway, Hector, can you do me a favor and go check out what's going on with the escaped antiques? Reports are muddled, and we need someone on the ground, so to speak. In the ground, as they say. Buried deep in the earth, as the saying goes, to understand what's really going on here.

Hector is nodding – now that nod exists for you.

Goodbye, Hector. Until we see you again, very soon and very well, I'm sure.

Now, this.

Imagine a man.

This is a simple command, leading to millions of conceivable scenarios. Imagine this man. Every possible physical form, location, and condition that a man can be in. Perhaps this man has been dead so long he is dust. Perhaps you are imagining dust, and perhaps you are not wrong.

Imagine a man.

Imagine him. There is a buzzing light bulb above him. He is standing on what could loosely be called the porch of what could loosely be called a tin shack. The light bulb buzzes and buzzes. He looks up in irritation. You were wrong to imagine him as dust. Do you have him now? Do you know what he looks like?

Imagine a man.

No. No, I'm sorry, no. You were incorrect. [Heavy sigh] And so the weekly "Find the Man I'm Thinking Of" contest will roll over to the next week. This is the three hundredth consecutive week without a winner, and the prize for next week will be the three hundred and one custom made pencils that say "I won a thing."

Ugh. I hope someone wins soon. The giant box of pencils here? Starting to get in the way of things.

Ohhh! Guess who's in the studio with me! Well, not actually with me, but projecting himself into our physical plane. That's right, my favorite scientist and yours, but mostly mine, Carlos!

Carlos: Hi, Cecil!

Cecil: Carlos, I know we just talked last night, but for the listeners, why don't you tell us what's new out in the desert otherworld you're trap– oop! Uh, the desert otherworld you're spending some time in.

Carlos: Well, I– I've been doing so much interesting research! I've learned the composition of the rocks (which are not of our world), and the composition of the components of the rocks, which are of our world, strangely, and I'm trying to figure out how many stars there are. I mean, they're always changing size and position, but...I do think there are a lot of stars.

Cecil: That sounds very scientific.

Carlos: Oh, it is so scientific. The most scientific. I don't think I've ever been more scientific, and you know how much I love science.

Cecil: Oh-ho-ho, yes. I am also very into science. But I miss, you know, touching! I miss this! Listeners, you can't see, but I'm trying to hold his hand, and my hand is just going through him because he's not actually here.

Carlos: I– I know. That's why I'm working on a way for you to visit. I think you'd like it here! It's super interesting, and there is so much science. Plus, the people are way friendlier here. People in Night Vale can be a little...

Cecil: No, I– I know. I suppose it couldn't hurt to take a little visit. But I need to be back in my radio desk soon. It can be difficult to ask station management for time off of work.

Carlos: Great! So, I'll let you know when I figure out exactly how to get you here. Ugh, I cannot wait to see you in person again.

Cecil: Me neither!

Carlos: Cannot wait. Cannot.

Cecil: Oh, ok! Me neither!

Carlos: It's gonna be good.

Cecil: Uhhhh....ahem. Well. Thank you so much for this highly relevant report that had important information for everyone in town. Thanks, Carlos.

Carlos: Bye, Cecil.

Cecil: Bad news, listeners. It seems that the antiques have gathered around City Hall and are behaving in threatening ways toward anyone trying to leave or enter. We are getting reports that while City Council has already safely evacuated (using a rocket sled that they keep for this very purpose), mayor Dana Cardinal is still trapped inside.

The Sheriff's Secret Police are responding quickly by issuing press releases to explain why it's definitely not their job to deal with this situation because, frankly, it seems pretty dangerous and scary. They said that they have activated all available officers to work hard on deflecting responsibility away from them.

As the Sheriff's Secret Police slogan goes, "Not our job, not our problem."

Oh, no! Oh no! Um, I'm being told that the antiques have found a way into City Hall. The pack is entering the building. City Hall has been infiltrated by hungry antiques with no one left to protect our mayor!

Who will protect Dana? Someone! Someone must! Will no one step forward? Will no one? Is anyone even listening to this? What– what kind of town are we? What kind of town are we?

Also, here's the weather.

["State of Mine" by Stöj Snak]

Well, listeners. Well, well, listeners. It seems...it seems that all is well!

We don't know how, but our beloved mayor is safe once again. A person of unknown identity appeared on the scene, running into the City Hall and single-handedly defending the mayor's office against the pack of antiques.

This was...foolish of that person. That person could have been killed, or gravely wounded! Maybe they were! We don't know who the person is, or where they went, and so their fate is as nonexistent as anything else I do not or cannot voice.

Mayor Cardinal gave a message of thanks, saying "Whoever you are, thank you. I do not speak for the town or for the city government. I speak for myself, as a person, as a human full of blood and worry. Thank you for keeping me safe," she said.

Pamela Winchell, Director of Emergency Press Conferences, held an emergency press conference in which she added to the mayor's statement by saying, "Clouds are the belt of the sky. Cinch them tighter! Make the clouds go tighter! Make the sky come closer!" before hurling herself into the sky, until she was just a dot in the upward distance.

So, that seems to be another crisis averted, albeit in a sudden and – if I may be frank, as a journalist – narratively unsatisfactory way. Perhaps we will never know who that unknown savior is, or who the unknown liberator of the antiques was. Perhaps we will never know anything. We have certainly never known anything yet.

Oh, but wait! Oh, intern Hector is returning. Um, hey, Hector? Did you see who the unknown benefactor was? Uh, do you have any information?

Oh, no! Hector is...Hector! He is holding up his arm. There is a tear in the skin, a deep and jagged oval. He has been bitten. Oh, Hector! It was you, wasn't it? I sent you to report and instead you involved yourself, and...and I thank you for doing so. Ordinarily that would be a violation of journalistic standards, which clearly say we should never help when we could merely watch, but...Dana! Dana is a friend of mine, and so I thank you for ignoring our sacred rules just this once.

I'll be honest, I– I– I wouldn't have thought Hector was the type to do something like that, or even physically strong enough to fight off an entire pack of antiques, but...people can surprise you. That is one of the things that people can do.

But...Hector! That bite! You know what happens to someone who is bit by an antique.

Hector is unable to speak. Has been unable to speak since he arrived.

Listeners, of course, anyone bitten by an antique becomes an antique themselves.

Oh, intern Hector, if only there was something I could do for you!

Oh! Oh! He– he is transforming, and his body is elongating, and lowering. His shoulders turn to haunches, his arms to wings. Ugh. His feet to bladed molty legs. He is becoming an antique before my eyes, and I can do nothing for him! For this brave young person who saved my dear friend Dana!

Hector!

He is out of sight now. I can hear only a click, and a shuddering movement. Must've fully transformed into an antique.

Hector? Hector! Is there any trace of your old self left? Or are you already hunting me?

Ugh. How good are the bolts on the studio door? He– he– he– he– he can't come in here, can he?

[Gasp]

I hear a rattling in the ceiling, and there is a clear viscous substance dripping onto my desk. I dare not look for its source.

[Heavy breathing]

Um, ahem. Coming up next, [heavy breathing] hopefully, the sound of my successful escape from this room! Ah! What just touched me?

Hector? Hector!

Well, uh, this is it. Uh, one way or another, uh, here I go, listeners. And here you go, ha-ha, off into radio silence, into places and times where my voice can no longer guide you.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight!

[Sound of Cecil making for the studio door, along with another unidentified sound; following dialogue comes from a distance away from the microphone]

I made it! I totally made it! I'm fine! I'm fine!

Uh, to the family and friends of intern Hec–

60) Water Failure (15 January 2015)

See some evil, hear some evil, speak some evil.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Sorry to start the show off with such a minor issues, but the water here at the station is not working. I was trying to make coffee – I got out the filters, grabbed some whole beans from the larder, finely ground them using a hammer and hateful thoughts, and placed them, one ground at a time, into the coffee machine – but when I went to fill the carafe, there was no water. I turned the faucet handle and just heard a faint hiss.

[Sigh]

45 minutes worth of coffee preparation for nothing!

This also means the toilets aren't working. Fortunately, there's a huge ravine right next door to the station, so...that's that taken care of.

Honestly, I – I probably shouldn't lead off my show with a personal complaint about how there's no water, instead of an important news story like how there are suddenly two suns instead of one, but I can't help it! I just get all worked up about a lack of coffee!

It's fine. I'll be fine.

But...yeah, there are definitely two suns now, and people are screaming in the streets. It's pretty apocalyptic out there, with buildings being burned down and cars wrecking into fire hydrants and people running in all directions, mouths agape, clutching their heads. So stay inside, and avoid thinking too hard about the capriciousness of our only home: the indifferent universe.

Let's have a look now at sports.

Former Night Vale High School quarterback Michael Sandero had a fantastic freshman season at the University of Michigan. He won the Heisman trophy, and his team made it to the national championship game. Unfortunately, they lost in overtime to...Michigan. It was the first time in college football history that a team had to play against itself in the title game. Down by three points in overtime, Sandero threw a late interception, thus sealing his team's loss.

Sitting dejected on the bench, their heads hung low, and shoulders sagging under the weight of regret, Sandero and his teammates could only watch as the other Sandero and his teammates celebrated their victory over themselves.

The winning Michigan team celebrated on the field until late into the night – everyone else having long since gone home, and the lights turned out – until a flock of starlings covered their cheering, dancing bodies, and carried them all into the sky.

Speaking through a Russian translator, the losing Sandero said, "I do not know where I am. Where is Michigan? I am so confused right now! Who are you? Who are you?!?" He was staring suspiciously at his own hands and crying.

Better luck next year, Michael! You can do it!

Many listeners have been wondering if I'll be taking time off work to go visit Carlos in his desert otherworld. Well, the answer is...maybe? I certainly would like to. I miss him so much, but...first, Carlos has to find the doorway between our worlds. Also, even trickier, I have to get vacation days approved by our Station Management – which is not easy.

I filled out the special form to request days off, which includes writing a 2,500-word description of what I will be doing with my time away from work. It had to be exactly two thousand five hundred words. And I'm not sure if hyphenated words count as one or two.

Anyway, I submitted my form last Wednesday by going to Station Management's office door, genuflecting, and reciting the Pledge of Employee Fealty, which is several minutes long. I was actually blocking the only path to the kitchen, so by the time I finished there was a long line of coworkers waiting on me. All of them, at some point, have gone through this same emotionally devastating process, when they wanted to visit a new nephew or go on a honeymoon or something. So, they were understanding.

But...I chose to do this around noon, so they were also mostly hungry and frustrated.

Once I finished the Pledge, I dropped the form into the drop box, which then glowed red and puffed out dark smoke. When I got back to my desk area, all of my belongings were gone, and there was just an open pit, a hole that seemed to go on into eternity. And knowing Management, it likely does.

So the request was definitely received, and we'll see what they come back with.

[Growling sound]

Oh! Oh, dear! Station Management sounds upset!

[Growling repeats]

I– I– I– I d– I don't know if– if it's because I'm talking about them on the air, or if they're just now finding out that the toilets aren't working! Um, either way, uh...let's– let's move on!

Uh, speaking of the water, [clears throat] all of the taps in our building are blowing a cool, dry air that smells of...toasted walnuts, maybe. Or, no! Nooo! Like French toast! Either way, it's pleasant. We've tried to turn off the faucets, but the handles just spin loosely and have seemingly no effect on the smell. We tried calling the plumber but they just screamed something about there being four suns.

"Four suns!" they howled into the phone, before muttering for a while about nothing being as it seems, we've been duped by God, all is lost, blah-blah, something-something living nightmares. So, I guess we're going to have to contact the Water Department directly about this issue.

Oh! Also, I should have mentioned earlier, the two suns have now doubled to four suns. There are now four suns in the sky. So that's awful. But listen! Better than no sun, right? Man, days with no sun are just the worst!

You know what's not the worst? The sponsor of today's show.

Our program is brought to you today by Chevrolet, and their new line of all-electric vehicles. These vehicles are made entirely of electricity. You already own one. There's a Chevrolet inside your home's wiring this very moment! Your microwave, your television...you will have to harness that power and learn to turn pure electricity into matter, and then that matter into an operational vehicle, and then figure out how to operate that vehicle.

But it's all there! Right now! In your home!

In fact, since you already have the car, don't you think you should have paid for it? Don't you think you owe Chevrolet for the car you have? That's how the world works! There are no free cars, pal! Nope! Please send $45,000 to Chevrolet right now.

Or, return the vehicle. You either pay the money, or return the car. One or the other. That's only fair, right?

Chevrolet. We're trying to be reasonable here!

Local television station Channel 6 has come under fire recently for their decision to start broadcasting into viewers' homes, whether viewers want to watch Channel 6 or not. Many residents have written to their government representatives, saying it must violate some law for a television news station to broadcast straight into people's homes without the residents even turning on their televisions.

"It must be a violation of privacy laws, right?" these letters often read. "Surely the government must step in to stop this," the letters usually conclude.

"We hear your concerns, but the government cannot stop this," the reply always says. "The local television news station is controlled, and managed, by the government, and it is wonderful to be able to reach everyone in town at every point of the day with important news," the letter always continues. "Like, let's say there's a tornado. A rare event here in the desert to be sure, but let's just say," the letter always supposes. "How would you know how to protect yourself from such a danger if there were no government-controlled television station that could turn on in your home and shout terse, esoteric orders in a foreign language, let's say Russian (it doesn't have to be Russian) as slow-motion footage of salamanders running out of a rotting log plays. How would you know?" the letter challenges. "You wouldn't," the letter declares.

"Maybe it's not an emergency," the letter concedes. "Maybe we just have something really exciting to tell you! Maybe we got a new stand mixer and we want you to see it. Or, maybe we're feeling sad and we just want to read you some poems we wrote. So, as you can see, the trustworthy local television news station must retain its powers," the letter always concludes. "These powers help us care for you, citizen."

The letter is always signed, "Night Vale City Council." Those words are written in script dozens of times on top of itself, as if every member of the City Council signed it in a single moment, in a single space, without regard for physics or linear time.

Listeners, the unrelenting smell coming from the faucets is...too much! Everyone in the office is salivating because of the delicious stench of French toast. It's impossible to work in this environment, and...oh, also because of the whole ravine thing. I'm calling the water department right now. This is ridiculous.

Plus, we're all getting woozy and starting to lose our senses of sight, touch, and longing.

[Dialing sounds, phone rings on other end]

Automated female voice: Hello, and welcome to the City of...
Automated male voice: Night Vale.
Automated female voice: ...Department of...
Automated male voice: Water.
Automated female voice: ...customer service line. Para continuar en Español, oprima el uno.
[Voice echos] Para continuar en Español doble, oprima el uno dos veces.
[Echo ends] To give praise to the Mighty Glow Cloud, ...

Cecil: All hail!

Automated female voice: ...press 3. To continue in English, press 4.

Cecil: There we go.

Automated female voice: If you are illuminati, pr –

[Cecil presses 4]

Automated female voice: Thank you.

Do you have questions about, or want to pay your bill? Press 1. Are you changing address? Press 2. Do you no longer believe in the existence in water?

Cecil: I do have my doubts...

Automated female voice: Press 3. Are you confused as to the difference between water and sugary sodas? Press 4. Do you like cabbage? Press 5. Would you like to report a problem with your service? Press 6.

[Cecil presses 6]

Automated female voice: If you are experiencing an emergency, please hang up and scream "Help! Police!" into any one of the many hidden monitoring devices in your home. If you're not sure where the hidden devices in your home are, try calling for help into a doorknob, any large vases, a ceiling fan, any random microphone sticking out of your wall that you don't recognize, or an elderly pet.

If you undervalue your own life, and the lives of others, so much that you feel that this could not possibly be an emergency, press the Not an Emergency button.

[Buzzing sound of Cecil pressing the Not an Emergency button]

Automated female voice: I'm sorry to hear you are having a problem with your service. If you have low or no water pressure, press 1.

Cecil: Hmmmmm...

Automated female voice: If you have a leak...

Cecil: Nooo...

Automated female voice: ...press 2. If you tried calling once before for emergency help, only to find yourself serving a prison sentence for misuse of emergency services and now you are calling to argue semantics with a representative about our lack of definition of what constitutes an emergency, press 3. If your water has a strange color or odor, press 4.

Cecil: That could be...

Automated female voice: If something that is clearly not water and smells like a tasty breakfast food is hissing out of your faucets and causing you to stand on your chair like there's a mouse in the room even though there's really no escape from what very well may be a poisonous gas of some sort, and honestly you can't fathom why you jumped onto this chair at all but it somehow makes you feel better, press 5.

Cecil: That's it!

Automated female voice: If you are afraid of knives, –

[Cecil presses 5]

Automated female voice: Please wait while we transfer you to a customer service representative.

Cecil: Oh. Oh, dear. Oh, I can't– I can't wait much longer. I'm feeling...lightheaded. Please, hurry! Please? Pleeeease hurr–

[Sound, likely of Cecil's head dropping to the desk]

Automated female voice: We are experiencing a heavier-than-usual call volume. Current wait time to speak to a service representative is...
Automated male voice: Four minutes.
Automated female voice: Sadly, a lot can go wrong in...
Automated male voice: Four minutes.
Automated female voice: ...but that's just how it is. Thank you for your...
Automated male voice: Patience.
Automated female voice: You know there are...
Automated male voice: Supervolcanoes.
Automated female voice: ...set to explode any day now, right? Existence is so incomprehensibly...
Automated male voice: Fragile.
Automated female voice: ...and...
Automated male voice: Cruel.
Automated female voice: Please continue to hold.

["Just Like My Heart" by Fault Lines]

Lacy: Hello! This is Lacy with the Department of Water. Are you still on the line?

Cecil [Groggy]: Hello?

Lacy: Thank you for contacting the Department of Water. I'm sorry about the interruption of your service.

Cecil: What is...what is happening?

Lacy: An intense period of multiple suns this afternoon affected our communication system. In he aftermath, it looks like our computers shut off your water and started releasing carbon monoxide into your pipes. That should only happen to customers who are more than 60 days behind on payments, and your account appears to be fully paid, so...we apologize for the error! Your water has been turned back on. Please open all windows to allow the punitive gases to dissipate.

Cecil: Why does it smell like French toast?

Lacy: I bet you're wondering why our carbon monoxide smells like French toast.

Cecil: Yeah!

Lacy: It's because French toast is pleasant, and carbon monoxide is not. We, here at the Department of Water, think, "Why not make unenjoyable things just a bit more enjoyable!"

Cecil: Well, that's very thoughtful!

Lacy: It is very thoughtful! I'm very thoughtful! Is there anything else I can help you with today?

Cecil: Mmm...no.

Lacy: Okay. Thank you. Then goodbye, Mr. Palmer.

Cecil: Oh, thank you!

Lacy: Actually, I'm sorry, but I just have to say something. It's kind of unprofessional, I know, but I just wanted to say that I know who you are, and thank you.

Cecil: Aww, well, thank you! I love hearing from fans, and I'm glad you like the radio show. Keep listening!

Lacy: What?!? No! Not because you're on the radio! You're not the only one who cares about her, you know.

Cecil: I'm– I'm sorry, her? I– I don't know who you're talking about.

Lacy: Fine, don't take a compliment! Not everyone's as thoughtful as me. Bye!

Cecil: OK, uh, goodbye.

Listeners, I have brought you a sub-par show today. I failed to report on the multiple suns that cluttered our sky, and sent waves of destructive panic throughout our community because I was too consumed with my own personal issues. I apologize for this.

And, for what it's worth, some vigilantes with hunting rifles shot the extra suns down so we're back to having just one sun! Although, the one remaining sun is currently setting in the north. So...we'll see how that goes.

Our town is no longer consumed by weak and terrified humans rioting in the streets. Our town has returned to its normal state of weak and terrified humans huddling quietly at home.

I've been so preoccupied – with not just the water outage, but also getting vacation time so I can see Carlos again – that I haven't been 100% focused on my duties as your community radio host. For this, I am sorry. I will try harder, I will report better! I will be the radio host you have counted on for...um, well, for however long it's been. Oh...how long has it been?

Lacy: Time, right?

Cecil: Oh, you're still on the line!

Lacy: Yup! Thanks again.

Cecil: Thanks for what?!?

Lacy: Ugh! Never mind, jerk!

Cecil: Stay tuned next for time moving faster, faster than it seems, faster and faster, until it disintegrates into stardust.

Lacy: Oh! That actually sounds fun!

Cecil: Goodnight, Lacy.

And goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Lacy: Goodnight!

61) BRINY DEPTHS (1 February 2015)

There's nothing under your bed. Nothing in your closet. Nothing waiting in the hall. You are surrounded by nothing. You cannot escape it.

Welcome to Night Vale.

I have received several urgent Facebook messages and Twitter DMs from a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency, asking me to deliver the following message:

BRINY DEPTHS

They said that there was nothing secret or important about the message, and it was certainly not related to any ongoing deep undercover operations, that they can only communicate with using code words subtly buried in local radio broadcasts.

"It wasn't anything crazy like that," they just think it would be "cool" to hear me say:

BRINY DEPTHS

"Do your deepest, smoothest voice," they said. "Really sell it. Really give it your all. It would make us so happy! Please, it's our birthday! Oh! Did we not mention it's totally our birthday? All right, in your best voice, say it."

BRINY DEPTHS

Well, there you go, Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency! Happy birthday!

The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, and Hiram McDaniels, who is literally a five-headed dragon — both former candidates for the mayoral role now filled by Dana Cardinal — were seen muttering together in a booth at the Moonlite All-Nite Diner.

Or, Hiram was seen. No one has ever actually seen the Faceless Old Woman, but we all know that she is there.

When reached for comment, by a nosy person sitting in the booth next to them, Hiram explained that they were just chatting, and were not involved in any sort of plans or schemes at all. He then held a conversation with himself about this matter, each head providing a different viewpoint in five different voices, the gist of which was that no, they were not planning anything.

"Definitely not," the Faceless Old Woman scratched with what seemed to be a long, jagged fingernail into the sole of my shoe this morning. "That's ludicrous," she suggested, with a flickering shadow in the corner of my eye as I walked to work. "We would never," she whispered from behind me, just now.

Moving on, another installment of what I imagine is our listeners' favorite segment: Cooking Stuff with Earl Harlan.

As the name implies, we have my childhood friend and current sous chef at Night Vale's hottest restaurant, Tourniquet, with us here in the studio. Earl?

Earl: That's me, yes.

Cecil: Well, Earl, just a few months ago you shows us how to cook tiramisu. And that was delightful.

Earl: Oh, please don't cook that recipe. It is extraordinarily poisonous.

Cecil: Ha-ha-ha! Oh, Earl. You're very funny.

Earl: It will kill you, Cecil. It is actually poisonous. Don't cook that.

Cecil: So, tell our listeners (and me, of course) what you've been up to since we last spoke.

Earl: Oh, mostly, um, I've been working. Mostly living. I've been spending time with my son. Trying to remember when I had a son. I've been trying to understand the flow of my life, and how I don't remember going from being 19 to the middle-aged adult I am now. I was 19 for so long!

Cecil: Well, sure! That sounds like fun. I'll tell you, lately I've been getting into crosswords. Just can't stop doing them. Doesn't even feel like it's me doing them, like it's someone else compelling me to do them. Sometimes I pick up a crossword I've never seen before, only to find it's been completely filled in with my own handwriting.

Ha – well, I'm glad we've both been up to such fun things.

Earl: Cecil, think. What year were you born?

Cecil: So, what are we cooking up today, Earl?

Earl: Oh, OK. Well, today we are making pulled pork.

Cecil: Oooh, that sounds yummy!

Earl: It is! Pulled pork could not be simpler to make. To start off with, you will need to kill a pig. You will need to find a living pig, and kill that pig. You will probably need to hold down the pig. The pig will struggle. There will be blood, and pain. Some of that pain will be physical. The pig will want to live, but you will need to make it die. That pig will need to die.

Cecil: Sure.

Earl: Then, you will need to dismember the pig. The pig will be a whole being, but you will not be able to eat it like that. So you will need to take it apart. There will be knives, and hacking. The skin will have to go. Peel back that skin and take the muscles and subcutaneous fat which is the part you will consume. Leave the bones and skin behind to rot.

Cecil: Mmmmmmmm!

Earl: Then...you slow-cook it with some vinegar, some sugar, and some chili. Put it on a bun, and there ya go! Pulled pork!

Cecil: Oh, I just can't wait to try that. It seems so easy! I'll just use one of the pigs I have at home.

Earl: I'm sorry if I seem down at all, Cecil. I've been going through a lot.

Cecil: Oh. Well, I understand. This has been a difficult time for me too. Carlos is away, and...we talk regularly, but it's not the same as the physical presence of someone you love, you know?

Earl: I know. I know. But that's what we do when we have someone special enough to merit special effort. I'm proud of you for working through this.

Cecil: And I'm proud of you for dealing with how weird time is. Oh! And for raising a son...somehow. Uh, what is your son's name?

Earl: I...... I wish I knew.

Cecil: Well...it's been great catching up, we'll see you again soon, Earl!

I received another flurry of messages from a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency, saying that...well, "thanks for saying those words for us, that was great of you, but it looks like maybe it didn't work."

"What didn't work?" they rhetorically asked. "Not important," they replied to themselves.

"As we said, that was certainly not a code word for an undercover agent, who apparently wasn't listening to the radio when they were supposed to be, which is (by the way) their only job, and their duty, and their life's mission to be listening to instructions from headquarters, so...no biggie. But maybe, just do something as simple as listen to the radio at the time we tell you to."

"Anyway, none of that is important," the Agency continued, "and there is no particular reason we're asking you, but...could you say "BRINY DEPTHS" again? It's for a friend's birthday. It's also our friend's birthday, we forgot to mention that. Please say it again."

So...OK. Here goes.

BRINY DEPTHS

Happy birthday to your friend! I hope you enjoyed that, but...I really can't keep interrupting my broadcast with this stuff.

Little League coach Betty Lucero is reporting that there are strange goings-on near the haunted baseball diamond her team uses for practices and league games. "No, no no, no, I know, it's haunted," she said. "I get that. You don't have to explain that to me. I'm saying that there is other weird stuff going on beside the usual ghosts."

She went on to describe anguished howls coming from a neighborhood nearby, and a red glow at night that made her skin feel loose and itchy when she looked directly at it. She also said that the baseball diamond has started to smell of rotten eggs, which is a detriment to her team's performance.

As we spoke, an apparition of a gray-skinned young woman in a tattered dress appeared hovering on the baseline between second and third. I may have yelped a little...maybe scrambled backwards a bit, but Coach Lucero laughed and said, "Oh, that's just Lucia, our third base coach. She died in 1843. Say hi, Lucia!"

The young woman flickered out of view, then reappeared suddenly inches from my face, her pupil-less eyes staring directly into mine. I responded in a professional and calm manner, and Coach Lucero laughed for unrelated reasons, not anything to do with how I may have reacted, and said, "That's our Lucia!"

She then went on to say that she had a bad feeling about the weird goings-on near the baseball field, and she probably said some other things, but I was running away, so I didn't hear her super well.

Oh, listeners! This is exciting. I received mail today! I didn't think mail was still being delivered – not after what happened at the Post Office – but here it is! An envelope addressed to one Cecil Palmer in neat handwriting, with the address of the station right underneath. If you want to send us any mail, since apparently that is a thing which exists and is working now, our address is

[Perhaps the sound of ocean waves and birds played at 8kbps, followed by what sounds to me like three blows on a party horn, then a few moments of ambient crowd noise]

Night Vale,

[Possibly the sound of an RC car being driven around at high speed on bumpy ground and played back at 4kbps? Is 4kbps even a thing?]

Please do send stuff in. It's always nice to hear from fans.

But, back to this envelope. Maybe this is silly, but I waited to open it until I was on the air. It seemed more fun if we could find out together what was inside. I'm, um, I'm opening it now...

[Sound of envelope being torn open]

And here we go. It's...oh.

Huh.

It's a greeting card! It says, "Thanks so much" on the front, and it has a picture of a cat playing with a ball of yarn, well that's just the cutest! Although, I can't imagine why someone sent me this card. I'm...I'm opening it...

Oh! Oh... oh. A photo fell out. Oh...dang it! It fell behind the desk. Um, the inside of the card just has the words "Thank you for what you did" printed, and then it's signed "Erika," over and over in multiple handwritings. Huh. Let me...let me try to grab that photo.

Ummmmm, I'm going to have to crawl under the desk. While I do that, here's a word from our sponsors.

[Sounds of Cecil rustling around]

Today's' broadcast is sponsored by Kobe beef.

Kobe beef!
[Chime]
The beef that makes you fresh!

All right, listeners, I got the photo. And it's...it's a photo of...me, at City Hall...I'm fighting off a pack of antiques in front of the mayor's door, but...that wasn't me! Intern Hector did that, last month. He came back with that bite? I don't remember ever leaving my desk when the antiques attacked our mayor. What...what is this photo? It must be fake.

It doesn't look fake.

No. It must be fake. Right? Why would I not remember saving the mayor?

More on this later, as I face my fragile self and try to understand my own reality.

OK, now. This is getting out of hand. The Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency sent me a Snapchat and several anonymous asks on Tumblr, saying that they were happy about me doing that whole "broadcasting their secret codeword" thing before, but that the message didn't seem to be getting through.

Or, it's not a message, that was poor phrasing on their part, sorry, they're just flustered talking to their favorite radio host.

Awwww!

They meant to say that they haven't had the best birthday ever yet. And neither has their friend. Plus, they forgot to mention, millions and millions of people have the same birthday as them, think of how many people have their birthday today and all of them, the Agency is sure, "just want you to say that little thing again. Just once more, in your smoothest, deepest voice."

They say that they've made it so our station is currently broadcasting on every single radio frequency, so no one could possibly miss these special birthday greetings, and it will finally be the "best birthday ever."

This is the last time. OK? I'm doing it just once more, here I go. And really try to enjoy this, because I am not doing it again.

BRINY DEPTHS

[Momentary static]

Oh.

[More momentary static]

Whats' going on? There's shouting coming from the break room it's, uh...it sounds like a scuffle, and...

[More momentary static, Cecil comes back at lower audio quality]

There's also shouting coming from outside. Uhh, a lot of shouting.

[Yet more static]

A roar of voices, the stomping feet of a crowd.

[More static, Cecil's voice again lowers in audio quality]

These birthday greetings were apparently very special. I need to go see what this commotion is about.

[Yet even more static, audio quality of Cecil's voice degrades even more, static gets more persistent ]

I'll be back soon. In the meantime, those with birthdays and those who were never born, I take you to the weather.

["The Bends" by Doomtree]

Whoo! I'll tell you! That was quite a scene.

I will tell you, right now.

It seems that "BRINY DEPTHS" was, in fact, a code word (wish they had warned me about that) for an undercover agent in the field. Unfortunately, it seems that it was the code world for every secret agent in the field, the signal for all of them to do every nefarious action that they had been planted years ago to perform. All over town, people we thought of as friends and family revealed themselves to be carefully planted agents.

Adam Bayer, weekday shift manager at the Ralph's, grabbed a discount soup display and carried it to an unmarked van that had been sitting in the parking lot as long as anyone could remember, and then drove wildly away.

Hundreds of bushes and trees leapt into action, revealing themselves to be suit-and-sunglass wearing agents in disguise, using clever costumes that fooled all of us for years — such as holding a hand-written sign that says "I am a tree."

Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, lit his refrigerator on fire, but he said that wasn't because of any secret agent stuff, he just wanted to do that. Someone had suggested it to him once, although he could not remember who.

In fact, it seems that every single person in Night Vale was actually a secret agent waiting to be activated. We had all been implanted with the exact same code phrase, which is the kind of sloppy organization that is just what our government is coming to.

Or...whatever.

And such.

[Exasperated sigh]

You know, look. Honestly, my heart isn't in this reporting. Blah, blah, everyone we've ever known is secretly an agent. But...here I am, listeners, secretly a hero. Secret even from myself! It was not Hector who saved Dana, but me. Me, acting without memory or agency. What...what is happening to me? How do I not remember something so huge?

I...I need to talk to Carlos. Perhaps science can help me. Science so rarely applies to the real world, but once in a while it provides a nice metaphor or turn of phrase that makes you think about real things differently. I'm...I'm hoping Carlos can do that for me.

Now that everyone has been activated as a secret agent, and did the one thing they were secretly supposed to do for years, everyone has just gone right back to doing what they had been doing before. Everything is back to normal, except that we all know we are all secretly undercover planted agents here to spy on each other and since we all know it, we are no longer secret agents. We are just ourselves, secretly.

Listen, I know it's confusing. But I didn't invent logic. Our extraterrestrial ancestors did.

Stay tuned next for all the air being sucked out of the room you're in, we're sorry, we're so sorry, but this is the only way.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

62) Hatchets (15 February 2015)

Dare to dream. Do it. We dare you. Go ahead, dream. It'll be fine. We promise.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Leann Hart, publishing editor of the Night Vale Daily Journal, announced today that, for a limited time, the Daily Journal will print actual newspapers again. No longer will subscribers have only the Imagination Edition of the daily paper, a compulsory and automatic $60 monthly charge to imagine whatever news you want. They will, once again, have the tyranny of a printed daily edition – where all of the stories are immovable declarations of recent history, told by a biased and underpaid third party.

"It's an exciting time to work in print journalism!" Hart shouted after a news blogger who was sprinting away from the hatchet-wielding veteran of the printed word.

Hart then hurled another hatchet at the terrified representative of the Daily Journal's digital competition. She hit her target just behind the knee, felling him as he made a sharp cry and a dull asphalt thud.

"Very exciting," Hart shouted. She added, "These printed versions of the daily paper are collector's items. We've deliberately inserted a bunch of errors into them because, true collectors know, that makes them worth a bunch more.

Listeners, I for one think a resurgence in the newspaper industry would be great. This could mean even more jobs here in Night Vale.

"This will create lots of new jobs for Night Vale," Hart will certainly said by this time tomorrow. "Lots of real awesome jobs," I am sure she will have reiterated.

And now, a look at traffic.

There's an accident at the corner of Hollows Road and Great Hills Drive. It's a pretty bad accident. It is likely neither party saw an accident of this magnitude coming. Each driver stands, staring, dumbfounded at their two twisted cars, which look like one. One...what? Not a car. A spiteful burning beast borne of mundane haste and arrogant industrial progress.

The two drivers cannot comprehend what to do. They are still, mostly. Fidgeting, sometimes. Thinking, not at all.

A neighbor who came out of her house upon hearing the hard smash of hard metal can't seem to process what is happening, either. She's slowly leaning away as if wanting to leave, wanting to forget she ever witnessed this, but she cannot move. She cannot take that first step. Her eyes, growing wide, wild, as her mouth opens, slack at first, and then slowly recoils into an unheard scream.

The two drivers feel the neighbor there, but they do not turn. They do not ask for help, or aid. Too scared to move, they stand and gaze into the crumpled slits along the sides of the pressed cars, that damnable block of hot machinery and its black smoke swirls.

And on the concrete, there is glass. And above the glass are arms, and hair, and drying blood. And the drivers stare at their own wretched bodies inside the mangled contraptions, and they do not think about anything other than what they once were. They watch their bodies, hoping for a twitch, a breath, any kind of movement. Hoping for another chance in life.

So, it's backed up pretty bad near the Best Buy. Choose some alternate routes today.

This has been traffic.

You know me, listeners. I'm a pretty straight and narrow radio professional. I am all about objectivity and impartiality. But it's time for a Cecil Palmer Editorial.

Given the growing prevalence of the internet – not just on computers, but also phones and watches and owls and certain trees – our private information is just out there, waiting to be taken and exploited by the wrong kinds of people. Of course, it's vitally important that Vague, Yet Menacing Government Agencies have access to our personal data – like income, dream journals, phone logs, embarrassing thoughts, and slash fiction archives. Ooh, also, the police and the world government. Oh, and the mayor, and the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in All of Our Homes. Yes, those people should all have access to our private data.

But now, there are things called "scripts" and "algorithms" that can just scan our emails and our purchase history and all those photos of cats wearing baseball mitts we like to share with each other, and these scripts and algorithms are sometimes called "bots."

These bots are large cyborgs that break into our homes and look through our stuff, and then feed these secrets to corporations and then, these corporations make more bots, and soon, we will have to fight bot armies. But with what? Knives and guns are completely internet-based now. They will turn against us in that war. We are not safe from the impending bot wars.

So, stop having personal data is what I'm trying to say. No more emails, no more job histories, Night Vale, no more cat pictures, or erotic fan fic, or text messages.

I know, I know this is difficult. On the one hand, we enjoy having personal information like careers and friends and hobbies. On the other hand, we're talking about war. And on the third eleven-fingered hand, nothing is to say that bots wouldn't be benevolent leaders, but I do not wish to find this out.

I'm sure the naysayers will tell me that I'm overreacting – which I am, but...it's my opinion, OK? You don't get to tell me whose overreacting. You're underreacting, I'll say! Yeah, I'll totally say that. I'll say it right to their face, that–

What? What's that?

Oh. Oh, OK.

Uh, listeners? Intern Maureen just handed me a note explaining that the City Council has just declared all information totally public. And that since no information is private anymore, the giant corporations and their bots cannot harm us by mining private data. The city will keep all our information safely out in the open, and available to anyone wearing sunglasses and a sidearm.

Hey, thanks Maureen!

Moments ago, the Sheriff's Secret Police held a secret press conference reminding us that all murder is illegal. Also, attempted murder.

"Like, let's say you try to kill a person, but you don't actually succeed," a Secret Police spokesperson whispered from behind a concrete pillar in the underground garage of the disused East Night Vale Mall. "Then, that's still illegal, even if you didn't kill that person."

"But, what if you just think about killing a person but don't actually do it?" came one question from the batch of reporters, who were also whispering and hiding.

"Well, that's not illegal, then" the spokesperson whispered in reply.

"But, I have it all planned out and everything!" the reporter continued. "I just haven't done it yet. Is that illegal?"

"Well, that's just mean, and kind of weird," said the Secret Police spokesperson before walking out into the open and saying, "Leann, is that you?"

"Umm, no! No. Noo. NOOOO!" came a comically deep voice that was obviously fake. "Not me at all! I'm just an old bagel wrapper someone left on the ground! I'm inanimate garbage!"

"Leann, we know it's you," said the spokesperson. "Stop attacking bloggers with hatchets! We found a dozen more wounded bloggers in Mission Grove Park this morning! They all had hatchets in their backs, and were very upset. It's not nice, Leann! It's also illegal, OK?"

"I'm a bagel wrapper, you...jerk!" Hart replied, still whispering and hiding.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

You are thirsty. Of course you are. We are all metaphorically thirsty for better things, but you are literally thirsty. Literally thirsty for anything. You could feel your dry lips, swollen and sticking together, their crusted gray edges adorning the pink pain beneath. You lick your lips, felling better for a moment, but actually worsening the problem.

It's hot, right? Pretty hot and dry, actually.

Are those flies? Yes. Those are flies.

Are those birds...vultures? Yes. Actual vultures in your home.

"How did these soaring scavengers get in my home?" you think.

Perhaps you could use some cool, pure, natural and refreshing Fiji Water. Yes, Fiji Water sounds sooo nice, doesn't it?

But Fiji Water is not who is sponsoring this show. Fiji Water doesn't even know about this show. Who is sponsoring this show? We cannot tell you. We're not allowed.

Fiji Water is completely unaware of you, too.

So sorry, this will not end quickly. So very, very sorry.

This has been a word from our sponsor.

This afternoon, Night Vale High School and the armed militia that make up our Committee for Civic Pride are holding a ticker tape parade for local sports hero Michael Sandero, who became the first Night Vale High athlete to play in a college football national title game.

Unfortunately, Sandero's team, the University of Mitchigan Wolverines, lost to copies of themselves in the title game. But Sandero did win the Heisman Trophy for the nation's best college football player, and did his hometown proud.

Intern Maureen, who I sent to report on the parade...oh...is texting me that there's a problem. Um, I'm getting word that Leann Hart has interrupted the festivities with an announcement.

Oh, wow. According to Maureen's flurry of texts, Hart is claiming that Mitchigan did not play itself for the title. As proof of her claim, Hart passed out copies of a news article from the Mitchigan Daily from January 13, stating that at the end of the season, Mitchigan lost more games than they won, and that their quarterback's name is Devin Gardner? Not Michael Sandero.

On the front page of that issue of the Daily is a headline strongly indicating that people at the University of Michigan can remember most things correctly. Pretty Much No Major Memory Problems Here, the headline reads.

She also claims that a school called Oheeo State won the national title over a school called Oreegone.

Maureen confirmed that while Oheeo is, in fact, a U.S. state, Mitchigan and Oreegone are neither states nor cities anyone seems to have heard of before. We're still trying to figure out their languages of origin.

Maureen is texting me that Hart is now shouting "Blogger!" over and over. Maureen is texting me that Hart is hurling hatchets now, Maureen is texting me that everyone looks pretty scared, Maureen just texted me, "I'm hit."

Um, let– let me...let me respond really quick.

Is...that...slang...or something...Maureen?

OK, she texted back, "I'm hit, she got me, I'm bleeding."

Um, uh...[exasperated sigh]

I...I don't understand young people and their weird text-speak at all. Who even knows what she's trying to say? Well, whatever.

While I text Maureen back with a quick grammar lesson, let me take you to the weather.

["Anarchy Date" by Queer Rocket]

Listeners, I have just learned that Maureen was struck with a hatchet thrown by Leann Hart.

So, then: To the family of Intern Maureen, she was a good intern. A valiant intern. Brave, right up until the end. Sadly, she is with us no more. She will be missed.

For the hatchet attack on Maureen, as well as several other attacks at today's parade, and more than five dozen similar hatchet-based assaults in the past several weeks, the Sheriff's Secret Police arrested Leann Hart.

"We told you it was illegal to kill people, Leann!" the Sheriff himself said from his hover-office in the clouds. "And also, to try to kill people."

"But they were news bloggers!" Hart replied. "I can't stay in business and create jobs if news bloggers are putting me out of business and destroying those jobs!"

And the Sheriff agreed, saying it's the Secret Police's job to protect business interests, as well as citizen interests. The City Council also agreed. So did the Vague, Yet Menacing Government Agency, nodding quietly from inside their long, black sedans with tinted windows, while snapping photos of everything they saw.

The mayor did not agree. Mayor Dana Cardinal went against the City Council and said that she, for one, did not think people or businesses should be allowed to use physical violence against their competition or anyone, for that matter.

The City Council bristled, and then they all squawked and few away.

It is unclear whether or not news bloggers agree, as many of them have gone silent on this issue, replacing their investigative reports and think pieces with pictures of cats wearing baseball gloves and top-rated recipes for invisible pie.

The Sheriff then announced that all charges against Hart would be dropped, except for the assault on Intern Maureen. "Maureen, after all, was not a news blogger, but a radio intern who posed no direct threat to Hart's newspaper," the Sheriff said. And I agreed.

The Sheriff then played the entirety of Domenico Galli's Sonata Quinta on his gold cello.

"But...but she looked like a blogger," Hart insisted. "She was typing into her phone. All those bloggers do that! Bloggers love typing on their phones."

"But she worked in radio, Leann," the Sheriff said, as he ended a series of lilting high notes with a single discordant bass tone. He closed his eyes and shook his head. "I'm sorry, but that is attempted murder. You have to go to jail now."

"Oh! But I didn't attempt to kill her! You said murder and attempted murder were illegal. Murder wasn't my intent!" Leann said.

"Then what was your intent?" the Sheriff asked.

"Oh, just...throwing a hatchet at her.. Nothing more, nothing less," Hart said. "I meant nothing by it," she added, brushing her hands together, and then holding them out, empty and clean. Her open palms signified "case closed." And the Sheriff, held to the higher law of gestures, had no choice but to acquiesce.

So Hart was set free, turned back into the world to print more news, to keep the industry alive.

Before she left, she paused and said, "I think something's wrong in Michigan" – and, listeners, that's how she said it. I don't know why, it's very clear how it's actually pronounced if you see it written out – and she held up her copy of the Mitchigan Daily from January 13 with an article that said, "Michigan, Sandero, Lose Close One To Themselves." And the front page of the Mitchigan Daily now showed a bold headline, "We Have Forgotten So Many Things," and in several blank columns with no story, merely pictures of normal things like shoes and birds and ghosts, all captioned with a series of frantic question marks.

"I guess I was wrong earlier. I don't know. Weird, right?" Hart said with a shrug.

"That is crazy weird," the Sheriff agreed, finishing out the sonata before disappearing in a soft breeze.

"I...agree!" said a nearby news blogger who was coughing up blood and clutching tightly to the hatchet lodged in her abdomen. "I...can't...wait...to blog...about it!" the blogger said through gritted teeth.

Leann tightened her grip on the hatchet in her left hand, raising it slightly. There was a tense pause that was eventually broken by a light smirk from Leann Hart. Then, the two of them laughed and laughed. They are both still laughing now.

Because of the hatchet attack she survived today, Intern Maureen has resigned from radio – as I clearly, and without any other possible interpretation, explained earlier.

Oh, she wasn't hurt that badly, but Maureen went on and on about radio being a "dangerous job" and "totally not worth the constant risk of death." I told her she makes it harder than it needs to be. She rolled her eyes, and packed up her desk.

I miss her already. She had a good sense of humor.

Stay tuned next for something clawing at your window. It will also be sniffing. Sniffing and clawing at your window. Occasionally, it will wail. Occasionally, you will hear nothing. So, to recap: sniffing and clawing at your window over and over, with the occasional piercing wail, and then long silences. All that, next.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

63) There Is No Part 1: Part 2 (1 March 2015)

There is no Part 1. This is Part 2.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners, I won't waste your time recapping everything that happened in the earlier part of this broadcast. There were so many events of such tremendous impact and significance, that they're surely locked forever in your memory. So, let us – a town with an imperiled mayor, and a brutally injured Sheriff, a town under attack, a town in the middle of something that we are seeing through from start to finish – let us continue right where we left off.

Harrison Kip, adjunct professor of archaeology at the Community College, announced once again that he is super sorry about accidentally raising the sand golem by whispering sweet nothings to that talisman he found out in the desert.

The team of six wealthy sponsors who backed this project, and who he has only ever spoken to by phone, told him that this was what mysterious talismans liked. "Talismans love to be flirted with in a sexy whisper," the anonymous sponsors had told him. Although they never mentioned that doing so would cause a sand golem to rise and turn against the humans around it.

"My bad," Harrison said, gravely, continuing, "Mos' def, my bad," before fleeing into the desert, receding from human form, to distant human form, to dot, to smudge, to misplaced pixel on the horizon line, to memory, to vague recollection, to an idea just out of reach, to something I knew long ago but now cannot grasp enough to feel its absence.

The sand golem – along with thousands of Angora rabbits, which were released from the Night Vale Petting Zoo by unknown malicious parties – have reached the upper floors of City Hall and are attacking anything that moves. Or doesn't move. Or just exists, anywhere on the spectrum of motion, with its huge sand fists and their soft, harmless fur.

Director of Emergency Press Conferences, Pamela Winchell, held a non-emergency press conference, explaining that the situation seemed too urgent to distract everyone with the usual emergency press conference. She read a statement written by Mayor Dana Cardinal, indicating that the mayor has given up on her previously announced plan to barricade the door, and then found her subsequently announced plan to hide was ruined when she released the statement announcing it. And so now, she is announcing her current plan, which is to fight. To fight and to win.

Listeners, I would gladly help the mayor but, as I've been regularly expressing throughout the morning's tragedies and this afternoon's attack, I have conflicted feelings here. Yes, mayor Dana is a dear friend, and one of the citizens of this town I trust the most, but...but...the last time I helped her, it was done without my will. Not against my will, without. I was used as a puppet to save a good friend, and good friend though she is, it is not a feeling I wish to experience again.

I'll tell you what I think it is. I believe the culprit is whoever bought Lot 37 from the Sheriff's Secret Police Auction last year. Lot 37: one radio host. One Cecil Palmer. One me. I believe whoever owns that lot has manipulated me into the role of hero. Like an action figure, limp in the sticky hands of a child. I do not wish to be manipulated again, except in that way that anyone who lives in an all-seeing authoritarian state is constantly manipulated for their own health and well-being. Such is the wish of all people: to be manipulated in ways that are good for them. But, all to say, maybe someone else can help Dana this time.

More and more on this soon, as there has been much and much before.

Construction work is already commencing at the bowling alley after the shocking incident we reported on earlier today. I know I'll never look at one of those ball return machines the same way again.

Teddy Williams said the space should again be available for bowling by Wednesday at the latest, that league night is set to continue as scheduled, and that he's had enough. Just enough. There's only so much one person, you know, that one person can take, and that limit was reached several months ago, and he's just been coasting. You know, coasting, trying, doing his best, and now this? Now, this. Right? Now, this.

He doesn't know what next, what now, he doesn't know what he's going to do. Probably not this anymore, he doesn't think. How old do you have to be to retire? How old is he? He doesn't know the answer to those questions, but he'll find out, and then he'll...know, you know? He'll know.

And again, league night is continuing as scheduled. Which...whoo! wouldn't be a good week for me without league night!

And now, another word from our sponsors.

You already know who we are. We introduced ourselves earlier. Let's not waste time reiterating the benefits of our product, how little it costs, how easy it is to get, how unwise it would be not to buy it, and where exactly we took your loved ones.

Instead, let's concentrate on the legally-required disclaimers. We, uh, we forgot to do those, and our lawyer got really mad about it. Have you ever seen a mad lawyer? Their ears stand straight up, and they won't stop barking at you. It's...terrifying.

So, we need to add that using our product could result in sterility, senility, hearing loss, vision loss, finger decomposition, major toe swelling...like a lot of toe swelling – that might not sound like a big deal, but wait until you see how big your toes get – scratchiness of the throat, throat loss, heart palpitations and minor night screaming.

Also, when we said hearing loss, we meant you'd be able to hear loss. As plants age, as pets die, as marriages break apart, or evolve, or settle from a fluttering of hands to a loose intertwining of fingers, as children leave home to go wherever it is that children go after the age of 10, all of these common forms of loss you will be able to hear, it will be deafening.

Oh, we could go on all day about the ways our product will severely ruin you, physically and emotionally, but what are you going to do? Not buy it? I think that you and your (for the moment, safe) loved ones know that you will buy our product no matter what we say. So, let's not waste any more time. Our lawyer has stopped barking.

Buy our product.

This has been another word from our sponsors.

Oh, I'm sorry, listeners. There is a knocking on my studio window. It is a Man in a Tan Jacket, holding a deerskin suitcase. It is difficult to describe his features, as they escape my mind the moment my eyes leave his face. He is waving, indicating that he would like to come in and speak to me. And, presumably, to all of you.

Umm, yeah! Come on in!

[an electrical hum – at least that's all I remember from this segment]

But how would we even get there? I've never heard of that place. I...

I don't remember...what I was just saying. Um, I think someone was just speaking to me, and to all of you out there, about something that seemed very important. But now...now I can't remember! You all heard him too. Do you remember what he said?

No. Why am I sweaty? I think I remember him offering me a note. Or some piece of paper, I didn't take it, uh, maybe I should have taken it?

I don't know.

Speaking of notes, I am being handed another one by Intern Hannah. Hopefully it is better than the note she handed me this morning during the earlier section of this broadcast. That was such an awful note! I mean, I don't have to tell you, right? So sad, sad and awful. You remember. Also, kind of funny, though. Just a pretty sad, awful, funny note, really.

Um, but this note...well, it seems that...no. No, no, no, no!

It seems that once again, during this recent bit of missing time, "brave radio host Cecil Palmer has stepped in and helped Mayor Cardinal fight off the sand golem and the Angora rabbits. Cecil, showing strength beyond his stature, held the sand golem down while Dana wiped away the writing on its forehead that gave it unnatural life, dispersing it to inanimate sand."

And then we just, kind of, shooed the rabbits. They were just rabbits and, even in great numbers, were not at all threatening.

"This left the mayor safe, with only a few bumps and bruises and a wrecked office covered in sand that probably will never be completely cleaned away – certainly better than what happened to the Sheriff" – that poor man.

I'm being told that Mayor Cardinal indicated deep gratitude for my help. I'm being told this because I do not remember this! Because, I am certain, now, the owner of Lot 37, the owner of Cecil Palmer, once again used me only to protect Dana. That is – [exasperated sigh] I'll have to think about what that is.

But first, a continuation of our previous Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

Children, it's now time to go check on those glass vials we prepared earlier in the broadcast. If you mixed everything right, and placed it in a warm, dry place like we told you to, you should be able to now observe the start of the tendrils. Don't get close to them; those tendrils have a strong grip. One could call their grip unbreakable, or even poisonous.

You might also hear buzzing. Do you hear buzzing? Listen closely. Science is all about observation. Write down what the buzzing sounds like in detail. Draw a graph to show the buzzing. What the buzzing is telling you is that the thing in the vial has marked you as its prey. You need to run. Oh, you should have started running the moment you heard the buzzing. I'm sorry, ha-ha, I should have said that before the rest of this stuff.

If you don't hear anything, then congratulations! You can move on to the second part of the experiment. Lay down plastic sheeting in the room, and we'll be back to give you the full instructions later.

This has been Part 2 of the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

This day started bad, and it does not appear to be getting better any time soon. I, however unwillingly and unconsciously, helped the mayor fight off her attackers. And yet, even that act was not enough to end this ordeal.

Hiram McDaniels, literal five-headed dragon, and the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, both former mayoral candidates, have taken City Hall once again captive.

Hiram is preventing anyone from entering the front door using his massive body, fire breathing, and harsh language.

Mayor Cardinal has issued a statement through her mouth, shouting out of an upper floor window that the Faceless Old Woman is stalking her through City Hall. Dana can hear bare feet skittering across the hallway ceiling, can sense the memory of motion in the air when she turns, can feel breath on her neck – dry and cold, like breath never is.

"She has come for me!" Dana shouted mayorally. "I will not be able to avoid her forever! I will not be able to do anything forever!"

Hiram, in response to questions asked by a group of lightly-scorched Secret Police currently trying to taze and arrest him, admitted that he and the Faceless Old Woman have been conspiring against the mayor for quite some time. Convincing Pamela Winchell to enter a disastrous retirement, staging a blatantly consumerist Christmas display involving gift cards and an ancient monolith, freeing the antiques from their pen, funding the dig that led Harrison Kip to find the sand golem's talisman, unsealing and freeing the army of tiny people under Lane 5 of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex this morning, working to sabotage the ultimately successful defense led by the Sheriff today against the tiny army, from which the Sheriff miraculously reemerged unscathed. Then, causing the saw cyclone that swept through the Sheriff's office – not injuring him at all, but really messing up his draperies. And then, finally, sending the Sheriff an angry letter, which resulted in the serious paper cut he is currently recovering from.

And now, all of these measures unsuccessful in removing Dana from power, Hiram and the Faceless Old Woman have been left with no choice but to attack the mayor directly.

"Just try to stop us!" said Hiram. "Just try."

"I'd like to see you try, puny mortals!" roared another one of his heads, although...not the one you'd think.

Well, certainly, I won't try. I've had enough of this mayor-saving business. My job is to report, that is what I do, reporting! That is why they call me what they call me: a journalist! Now, let me report, and only report.

We are taking all to the weatherrrrrrrrrr.......

["Heel Turn 2" by The Mountain Goats]

Here I am, listeners. Whoever I am. Here it is, the me that is whichever me I am.

You can guess what happened, I think. Once again, it was brave Cecil who saved the mayor, throwing his body between her and the wrath of the Faceless Old Woman and Hiram. It was not an easy fight, and not an easy fight for me to remember.

Here is what I know: Hiram McDaniels is no longer at City Hall. With my help, the Secret Police almost apprehended him, but our efforts, while just enough to prevent his continued siege, were just under what was needed to capture a literal five-headed dragon. And in the scuffle, Hiram disappeared. He could be anywhere. Svitz, Lemuria, the Secret Lost Pet City on the Moon, or even still in Night Vale. Even that.

Here is what else I know: the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in All of Our Homes was unable to complete her malicious plans against our mayor, and is now secretly living in all of our homes still. She did not need to change anything in order to hide.

These two rebels, who are against the mayor rightfully chosen for us by forces we do not understand, will not rest quietly. I have no doubt of it. I know that there is more coming, as always. This is what I know.

Here is what I do not know: the owner of Lot 37. Who bought me at that auction and did nothing with their prize for so long, only to now use me again, and again, with one purpose, to protect one person: Dana Cardinal. Mayor Cardinal. My friend.

Here is who I do not know, but thought I did: Dana Cardinal. My friend. And I am starting to fear, and I am starting to doubt the owner of Lot 37. Could she be? Who else would be so invested in protecting her and only her? Dana? Is it you? Could it be...it couldn't. It couldn't!

It couldn't.

But still...but still.

Huh.

Stay tuned next for Part 3 and Part 4 and many more parts, each succeeding moment after the one before, and some you will hear and some you will not. And none of them will be true, exactly, but all of them will be an honest attempt at the most accurate fiction possible.

Goodnight, to our recuperating Sheriff. Goodnight, to a mayor I once thought I knew. Goodnight, to Old Woman Josie and the rest of the bowling team. I'll see you at league night.

And goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Live Show #3) The Librarian (released 1 March 2015)

Cecil: If wishes were horses,those wishes would all run away, shrieking and bucking, terrified ofa great unseen evil.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Construction crews are on hand at the Night Vale Public Library today to begin the renovations that were approved last year by the City Council. Some of the improvements planned for the library are a new children's wing, something called a "knife pit," an upgraded computer room with several empty desks and a loudspeaker that repeats "Technology ruins lives!" and, most importantly, thicker plexiglass to protect citizens form the librarians who were previously allowed to roam freely throughout the building.

City Council said renovations have been delayed for several months because it has been difficult to find construction crews willing to work in such dangerous proximity to librarians. But they finally found a very talented and brave crew to conduct this project: Colston Contractors, Inc. The City Council is asking that no one mention to any of the Colston workers that they are working near librarians. They think that they're building an elaborate new Pinkberry.

The City Council then added, "Yesssssss," and then they released a bunch of badgers into City Hall – much to the delight of onlookers who thought that the badgers were kittens. The onlookers were quickly and painfully corrected in this matter.

More on this story as it develops but first, today's horoscopes.

Aries: Aries, you have much in common with a tree. A sadness that no one can see, or understand. Communication only through silence and wind. Skin made of wood. The way you collect sustenance through roots buried in soil. You are very, very much like a tree. Almost impossible to tell the difference.

Taurus: Taurus, today is the day that you change everything. Oh, I'm sorry. I misspoke, I'm sorry. Uh, let me try that again, OK? *Ahem* Today is the day that everything changes you. You will be completely unrecognizable. Yeah, that's it. There ya go.

Gemini: How scared are you of centipedes, Gemini? I mean, no reason. The stars are just asking. Like, are you super super scared, because I can't say for sure, but you're pretty brave, right? Like, you could handle a couple of centipedes! You could handle a bunch of centipedes! Right, Gemini? No reason. I'm just asking.

Cancer: Today is an excellent day for you to demand a promotion, to approach the one that you've been secretly thinking about for years, to try your hand at that new hobby that you are considering. Unfortunately, it is a terrible day for getting that promotion, having that person say yes, and not injuring yourself badly on a power sander. But you should at least feel great about the attempt.

Leo: There's just a thick, green smudge here, and the word "cryptotoxicology." So I guess that's a good thing, right?

Virgo: Now, wait. There are still some of you left? How did you survive the great culling of Virgos that swept through – oh! You know what? I'm sorry, that's not ‘til next week. Sorry, I got confused there. Oh, yeah, today looks very good for you, Virgo! Maybe use this lovely day to get all your affairs in order. Just a thought.

Libra: All your dreams will come true today. Or...I mean, one of them will. You know that recurring dream where you're chased through a house that seems like your own, but it isn't quite, by a swarm of bees that you can't see even though you totally know that they're there? Well, it's not that recurring dream, it's the other one. And I am so, so sorry.

Scorpio: Your arms look weird. And your face is a natural irritant. And your personality leaves much to be desired, the principal desire being your immediate absence. You disgust me, Steve Carlsbe–...I mean, Scorpios? Ugh. Scorpios, right?

Sagittarius: Buy a tourniquet. The best that money can buy.

Capricorn: Today's lucky number is imaginary! But, coincidentally, so are you, and your entire experience of the world.

Aquarius: You wanna make some money fast? I don't know, rob somebody. Commit fraud. There's lots of ways.

Pieces: You've just won another brand new car! You stare bleakly at your home filled with stacks upon stacks of new cars, occupying every possible space at impossible angles. Today's brand new car is wheeled in and as you feel its bulk pressing up against you, taking the last bit of your home that had still been yours to live in, you feel tears hot upon your cheeks. Congratulations on your prize!

Listeners, I have just received word that there has been an accident at the library. The intricate papier-mâché and balsa wood scaffolding has collapsed. The Sheriff's Secret Police have reported no serious injuries from the accident, but they are saying that one of the dense titanium and heavily-electrified cages containing a librarian was damaged, and that that cage is now empty.

Night Vale, this is terrible news. There is a librarian on the loose in our city. And Night Vale, there is no triple-thick armored wall or bloody animal carcass lying over a bamboo covered pit of sharp sticks to protect us from this stalking oblivion. Without the military grade steel walls of the library to keep the librarians contained, Night Vale, we are helpless! We are doomed.

Watch your back, Night Vale.

Oh! I almost forgot. We have a new intern, and that's always fun! So, let's have him introduce himself on the air.

Intern Andrew: Hello, I'm intern Andrew WK. Super excited about being here. Was a long waiting list when I signed up, had to wait, I don't know, three days until the other interns had...left the station, but my name is up on top now!

Cecil: Yeah! Well, we are just thrilled to have you here.

Andrew: I look forward to a long and healthy life in radio.

Cecil: Say, um, Andrew, what do you know about librarians?

Andrew: Librarians...oh no. When I was young, my mother used to work in the coal mines before they were converted into the holding pens that they are for those who vote incorrectly in the municipal elections. She went out to work each day, miner's helmet under her arm, pig slung over one shoulder, fencing sword tucked into her belt, and bloodied axe across her back – the usual miner's get-up – and she would descend into the dark with her fellow workers seeking out coal or the tiny valuable hearts of rare bats.

Cecil: OK, so fantastic! What I'm gonna need you to do–

Andrew: My mother saw terrible things down there in the dark. Hazy, feathered things swarming, weeping things. Gawping, gasping things with claws and spokes and stingers and more claws! Day in and day out, this was her job! Mining coal and fighting the denzions [sic] of the dark downwards for their hearts. When she came home she'd be covered in coal dust and lymph.

My mother was never afraid, though. Nothing phased her. Except for the day I had to get a book from the library for a school science project. She insisted on going ahead of me to clear the way, but after a few minutes she came out shaking, pale, her fencing sword all bent, her axe broken in half. "Run!" she shouted, "Run!"

Librarians are feared even by the fearless.

But I did get a B on the project!

Cecil: Oh, that's good! And– and that was a very well-told story. Um, also, I need you just to...run on down to the library, and just do a little bit of research on librarians.

Andrew: To the library.

Cecil: Yeah! Yeah, good luck. You'll be fine. He'll be fine! Yeah. Well, I can't wait to hear what intern Andrew comes up with!

Listeners, we are already getting reports from all over town about the escaped librarian. Liesel Schmidd, who owns the auto body shop near Somerset and Gray said she heard whispers. And the whispers sounded as if they were coming from just next to her.

"Where do you live, Liesel? Do you like cars? How many cars will you fix before you die? What is your favorite color of paint? Do you know what I look like, Liesel? Do you want to? Do you want to?"

And the whispers echoed off the closed garage doors of the vast, empty workshop. And Liesel said with each question, a halogen work light would fade to black, her auto body shop slowly darkening until the whispers were all she could see. And yes, somehow she could see them. Until the final question.

"Liesel! Can I come live with you? I am all alone, Liesel!"

And the last light exploded, and the room went black. And before she could even start the usual process of panic, Liesel felt – and here she is, alone, in the dark – a small hand slide, slowly, into her own. And Liesel tried to pull away, but this childlike hand kept sliding further and further into her palm, and the childlike hand was thick, serpentine, enlarging continually and wrapping around her wrist and then her forearm, and she felt the sharp pierce of what seemed like blades, but were likely just the rigid caudal spine common on most librarians.

And Liesel tried to scream, but she could only gasp. And she gasped through a clenched throat and bared teeth, "Please! Please, let me be! I– I– I have a family!" And it was the possession of this family that saved her, as her business partner and sister, Pica, having just arrived, fired a blowtorch at the book-loving monster, and it slitheringly scurried and scurriedly slithered away.

Listeners, I have also received word from Green Market Board president Tristan Cortes that he cannot stop feeling his own heart beating. And he feels it throughout his entire body, and it feels like there is an enormous engine buried in the earth beneath him, shaking the very foundations of the land, but it is not an enormous engine, it is a heart. And it is actually so fragile, and so small, and there is...something just on the other side of the front door, he said.

And it is breathing.

And he is breathing.

And he cannot bring himself to look outside. He knows who it is. He knows what it is.

And his heart is reacting as any heart would in the presence of a librarian, the rhythm of his own liquid life pulses through his tongue and his lips, throbbing and impossible to ignore, and he can feel it in his feet as he tries to stand still, and he can feel it in his chest as he tries to yell over the din of his pulse, the BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!-ing of his heart, and finally he manages one terrified shout into the cool morning air. And Tristan could not say for sure that it was a librarian on the other side of the door, but he did say that he could smell that familiar librarian odor of burnt coffee during a sinus infection.

And he also said that after the beast left, the day's mail had appeared on the front porch. So...it could have just been a really spooky postal worker.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Today's show is brought to you by American Express. I have with me a representative from American Express in the studio, here to tell you all about this amazing card's many features. The representative is just a slight haze in the air, and her name is Deb!

Deb?

Deb: Thanks, Cecil.

Hello, listeners out there. I think I speak for all American Express employees, and also for all sentient patches of haze, when I say that I am just thrilled about the new American Express Obsidian Card.

Cecil: Ohhh! Well, that sounds very exclusive! I'm– haha, I'm actually still using the same AMEX that I got in college, um...it's just a Post-it note, and it has "Real American Express Card" written on it, and a drawing of a thumbs-up. And I trust this card completely although, admittedly, I have yet to find a merchant that will actually accept it.

Deb: Well, the new Obsidian Card will solve all of your problems. It's accepted worldwide by any merchant that keeps their store dimly lit, and lingers sadly all day on memories of lost loved ones. It's easy – if you hear crying, then your card is welcome.

Cecil: Oh!

Deb: And the benefits are better than ever! The Obsidian Card features full purchase protection, extended warranty on electronics, a deathless hunger that can never be sated by mere carnal appetite, and the quiet loss of one part of your body every month. We don't tell you which part. It's a surprise.

It also gives you points for airlines. Or it points at the nearest airplane if you put it on a flat surface, I don't remember which.

Cecil: Well, that sounds really great!

Deb: I don't care what it sounds like.

Cecil: Oh.

Deb: It's already in your wallet now. It's in the wallet of all your listeners. It has replaced the wallet of all your listeners. Many objects in their home will now be replaced by the American Express Obsidian Card. Everything they touch will turn into a black volcanic stone credit card. They will accidentally kill people. People they care about. And whose only crime was being touched by the cursed listener.

American Express. Don't leave home.

Cecil: Wow! What a great product and/or service! You know, I try not to listen to or remember what anybody says to me? Taking in knowledge can be a super dangerous thing to do.

Speaking of danger, the librarian was just seen near the Dog Park. The long-taloned creature with its many round black eyes and hairy brown teeth was seen scaling the Dog Park fence. City Council has warned us many times that the Dog Park is off limits, that dogs are not allowed in the Dog Park. That people are not allowed in the Dog Park. That we may see Hooded Figures in the Dog Park.

Well, witnesses said that as the librarian approached the Dog Park fence, the Hooded Figures all ran away, in different directions, their cloaks fluttering in a wind of motion, revealing matching black and white Nike tennis shoes.

But, before the librarian could enter the Dog Park, a small band of masked children showed up, holding slingshots and well-worn copies of Chinua Achebe's critically-acclaimed post-fatalist novel No Longer at Ease. By all accounts, this was the same group of fifth through eighth graders who bravely escaped last year's Summer Reading Program at the Night Vale Public Library.

The leader of that escape, 13 year-old Tamika Flynn, was with the group of kids at the Dog Park trying to back the librarian down from the fence. As a small boy blew a low, long tone on a conch shell, Tamika held aloft the severed head of the librarian she defeated last summer (still surprisingly well preserved) as a gruesome warning for the librarian currently terrorizing the forbidden municipal park.

Witnesses said that the librarian shrieked meekly, and leapt form the fence as the children chased after it shouting suggested additions to the library's fiction stock.

"Maxine Hong Kingston!" came one shout.

"Larry McMurtry is a cornerstone of new western literature!" came another cry.

"I have never read Elizabeth Barrett Browning, I hope you add her!" came a final call as slingshotted rockes plunked hard off the retreating librarian's exoskeleton.

Tamika then spoke. We have her actual speech, because we are all being recorded at all times by several different organizations, and of course, amateur community spying clubs. Here now is Tamika Flynn's statement:

Tamika Flynn: People of Night Vale, we are your children. We are your children who survived the librarians. We are your children who defeated StrexCorp. We are your children who learned the power of books. The power of books is that they teach you how to destroy what is, but should not be. The power of books is that they show you what it might be like to think as someone other than this person you are stuck being. The power of books is poisonous gases and spring traps.

Nothing is more powerful than a book. A larger book is slightly more powerful than a smaller book, because it can also be used to hit your enemies. Smaller paperbacks are terrible for that. Take it from me, I've tried. A Hero of Our Time might be a classic of Russian literature, but it is useless against the hide of a librarian – even when launched with a homemade book launcher. This is why Vladimir Nabokov's famous translation added several thousand blank pages and a carbon steel bullet-shaped duff jacket.

But your physical stature is unrelated to your strength. You are strong because you are many. You are strong because you are in this together. You are strong because of that weird rain that gave many of you double-quick hand combat reflexes and seventh eyes. You are strong because, if enough people believe in their own power, even if armed only with mass market paperbacks, they can bring down not just a librarian, but an entire corporatic regime!

As for us, your army of missing children, we are not missing. We are found!

Here is our plan, Night Vale. We will give up. We will lay down our arms and quit fighting. We will close our eyes and sleep. Yes, that is what we will do. Once we have crushed every enemy in our path! Once we are victorious and bathed in blood, and placing stickers on reading levels far beyond our ages! Reading levels that are yet to be discovered! Pizza reading rewards in quantities and kinds that are unimaginable to the unenlightened!

As Indira Gandhi once said, "you cannot shake hands with a mangled fist that has been chewed up by an unchained librarian."

You are not alone. You were never alone. We will advance on the librarians together. Believe in us, Night Vale. We will exist either way, but you might as well.

You might as well.

Cecil: Unfortunately, witnesses were too shaken to see where the librarian disappeared to.

Listeners, I urge you to follow Tamika's example of strength and courage. Be brave, like Tamika!

But do so indoors, yeah? Keep your homes locked, and listen here for further instructions.

But now, let's have a look at the Community Calendar.

This Thursday afternoon at the Rec Center is the Sheriff's Secret Police's semiannual gun buy-back program. If you have an illegal or unregistered gun, bring it to the Rec Center, and the Secret Police will buy it from you with full amnesty, no questions asked.

A Secret Police representative said it'd be "especially cool" if you had fully-automatic rifles and some hand grenades. "Like, really cool!" she repeated, here eyes darting about, her knuckles rhythmically cracking. "Also," she added, "please don't tell anybody we're doing this. It's totally covert."

There is an event this Thursday night at Dark Owl Records. For more on that, we have owner Michele Nguyen on the phone.

Umm, Michelle?

Michelle Nguyen: Hi, Cecil!

Cecil: Welcome to our show, Michelle!

Michelle: Am I...on a podcast?

Cecil: No. This is my radio show.

Michelle: Oh. Good. Podcasts are dead. I hate podcasts.

Cecil: Hm. So, Michelle, I got a press release saying that you have a special event this Thursday at Dark Owl Records.

Michelle: I wish I hadn't sent that out. I didn't want anyone to know about it.

Cecil: It doesn't actually say what the event is; it just says "Dark Owl Records, this Thursday night, you probably wouldn't understand and probably won't be invited."

Michelle: So, this Thursday night, the Dark Owl staff and I are going to try to discover fire. It's a private event and I've ordered them never to tell anybody what we find out because if everyone knows how to make fire, then everyone will start talking about how to make fire, and then people will be making fire all the time. And suddenly making fire won't mean anything. We will no longer feel what it means to create flames. We will no longer cry under the glimmering orange lamp of nature's most cruel and useful force.

If everyone loves making fire, then how can we truly know what it even means to feel heat, or light a scented candle, or fry an egg, or take revenge on your own diary?

Cecil: Not to be a spoil-sport here, Michelle, um, but fire was discovered a long time ago.

Michelle: I know that! Fire's been around for decades. Blah blah blah, history, blah blah. But it's important that my staff and I discover it for ourselves.

Cecil: Hmm.

Michelle: It's like Bono said, moments before he died: "It's all been a lie, and I wish I had been more aware."

Cecil: Oh. Well, it sounds like a cool event.

Michelle: Please don't ruin it with adjectives.

Cecil: Well, it sounds like an event. Um, Michelle, I don't know if you've heard the news today about the escaped librarian.

Michelle: I found out about the escaped librarian years ago, from this underground magazine called Füteür.

Cecil: Futeur?

Michelle: Füteür, with two umlauts.

Cecil: Oh, OK. Well I've never heard of Füteür.

Michelle: Of course you haven't. The only way to get a copy is to walk to the middle of the Whispering Forest. The trees there will try to lure you into becoming one of them by complementing your outfit and physical appearance. But I'm immune to positive feedback. So I'm one of the only people who can walk through there.

My friend Richard is a tree there now. He used to intern here.

Cecil: Yeah!

Michelle: He wanted me to tell you hi, and you have a nice voice.

Cecil: Oh, that's so nice!

Michelle: You have an OK voice. I guess. Richard's the one who told me about the magazine. In order to read it you have to climb this one tree, this creepy seeder named Redge, who appreciates my hats way too much.

At the top of Redge is a plastic magazine kiosk that's covered with band stickers and misspelled cuss words. Füteür Magazine comes out weekly, and it tells you news, all before it happens, insuring that I never have to have my parents or someone over 30 tell me something I didn't already know.

So, yes. I knew about the escaped librarian well before anyone else.

Cecil: So, what happens? I mean, did Füteür explain how we were able to save our town or if, if we were able to save our town?

Michelle: Probably. I don't remember. It wasn't very interesting. There was a review of an Amanda Palmer album that comes out in eight years. I read that instead.

Anyway, I'm covered in spiders, so...know that.

Cecil: Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry! Please, go call an exterminator right now!

Michelle: No! The spiders are my outfit, Cecil! I'm not going to kill them!

Cecil: OK. Um, well, thank you very much, Michelle.

Uh, listeners, this Thursday night at Dark Owl Record, Michelle and her staff will try to discover fire.

Michelle: Please stop knowing this.

Cecil: So, before you go Michelle, do you have any special approaches or techniques you're going to use to discover fire for yourselves?

Michelle: We're going to use simple elements, like cigarette lighters and gasoline. I gotta go. My hat is crawling down my back.

Cecil: OK! Thank you very much, Michelle!

More on the Community Calendar:

This Friday night, all lanes of Route 800 will be shut down in both directions as work crews stand in the middle of the empty, dark highway, repeating "Bloody Mary!" three times, just so we can settle this thing once and for all!

Oh! Saturday afternoon on the great lawn near City Hall is the annual Children's Fair! There will be face painting booths, street food, balloon animals, real animals, hungry animals, feral wild animals that fear no humans. Children and adults are prohibited from attending until they get all of these animals under control.

Saturday night is the PTA's annual fundraiser benefit. With more on that, let's go now to PTA treasurer, Diane Creighton, who is on the phone with us right now.

Uh, Hi, Diane?

Diane?

Steve Carlsberg: Yeah, hi!

Cecil: No!

Steve: Yeah, yeah, uh, hi, it's uh...

Cecil: No, no, no, no, no!

Steve: Diane couldn't be here, so, you know, uh, so it's me, Steve Carlsberg. Secretary-elect of the Night Vale PTA.

Cecil: I was told it would be Diane Creighton!

Steve: Well, uh, Diane has a minor case of throat spiders, so she asked me to fill in for her.

Cecil: I'm sure she did not, Steve Carlsberg! But fine. Fine. Tell us about your idiotic *ahemmmmm*...Tell us about your fundraiser.

Steve: OK! Thank you, Cecil! *Ahem* This year, the Night Vale PTA is raising money to increase the number of school clubs. Studies show that children who get involved in extra-curricular organizations – especially kids who take on leadership roles – are more likely to graduate college! In the coming year, we wanna be able to fund a glee club, a drama club, a chess club, a pyrokinesis club, an blood stone circle prayer society, a speechless debate club, and an armed political insurgency club.

Cecil: What about a science club?

Steve: Oh, uh, why would we want a science club?

Cecil: Because science is important, Steve! We need science! Kids should learn science! It helps them... It– it's very good for them when they need to–

Steve: Wha– Wh– What does it– How does it help them, Cecil? What does it help them do?

Cecil: I don't know. Something. Something good. Science is good. I like science. Science is good for all of us.

Steve: Alright, well, most parents don't believe in science, Cecil, so you know, I– I doubt it would have much support, but tell you what, I'll see what I can do.

Cecil: OK, fine. So, when is your stupid *hmmmmmm!!!* What is your event going to be like?

Steve: Oh, glad you asked. Saturday's benefit will feature a seated dinner, a silent auction, a live auction, a secret underground auction, two fake diversionary auctions, and a raffle drawing where we hunt, capture, and clean the winner.

Cecil: Well, great. That is all the time we have today...

Steve: Sorry, Cecil! Cecil, sorry! Can I just add that tickets for the benefit are still available online! Ha-ha-ha! They're only fifty dollars, or you can pay at the door. It's gonna be held at the Rec Center. You just go past the auditorium and you look for the door.

It's not a door you've seen before, but you will know it when you see it. Go through that door, and then continue through a series of increasingly smaller doors, as it becomes harder and harder to squeeze your shoulders, and then your chest and hips, into the increasingly dark and quiet crawlspace. Then just when you think you will become stuck, you will become stuck. And all will go silent, and you will hear nothing except something feathered, and you will feel nothing except something feathered. And you will not be heard from again.

Cecil: That sounds like fun!

Steve: It will be! It's gonna be great! Super blast! Super blast good time! Ha-ha-ha!

Cecil: OK, whatever. You know I was just humming to myself until you stopped talking.

Steve: OK, well, can I just say one more thing?

Cecil: No! No, Steve Carlsberg, we are done here! Hang up the phone!

Steve: OK, ha-ha-ha!

Cecil: Hmmm. Where were we, listeners? Oh, yes. Community Calendar.

Sunday morning, the Night Vale Junior League will be opening the one hundred year time capsule that was buried there by disgruntled Subway employees all the way back in 1915. And it is just so exciting to see what kinds of bread and cold cuts that have been buried in that little cardboard box for an entire century! And we are all certain to learn a lot...and then forget it, only to have it resurface subtly couched in horrifying Jungian dream imagery for the rest of our lives. Because that is how time works, hmm?

Monday would like for you to leave it alone. It is not its fault that you are emotionally unprepared for your own professional lives! Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm.

How are you doing right now, dear listeners? No? Are you...afraid? I would like to tell you that I am not afraid. Um, I would like to be strong in the face of imminent death, Night Vale. I am, after all, the voice of a community, and I must be neutral. Impassive. Just...simply reporting the news. I would like to feel something resembling confidence.

But, I am feeling something resembling petrified terror! I am very similar to a scared person. The City Council has just announced that...dear listeners, I– I– I– I do not know how to tell you this, but...the City Council has just announced that all of the librarians have escaped.

Night Vale, we do not yet know how many librarians there are, or what exactly they are capable of. We were already too scared to read or even think about good literature, and now even our own book-free personal space will be invaded by these monsters!

Like the great American writer Mark Twain once said, "Readin' is hardly worth all this bloodshed. That is why all my novels are wadded up candy stall receipts that I leave on park benches. They should never be put in libraries, even after I die – in the next few minutes, at the hands of this drunk Minotaur standin' in my parlor right now."

Now, Mark Twain was wise enough to know that libraries are a bad idea. Listeners, I'm gonna call my boyfriend Carlos just to...just to see what he thinks. I mean, I know, I know, he's only a scientist, but he might have some good ideas about how to handle these unholy beasts.

Carlos: Hello?

Cecil: Hey, Carlos. Uh, it's me. I'm– I'm– I'm calling you from the show.

Carlos: Oh, hey! Yeah, I was listening earlier, um, but I got distracted with, um, uh, with work... Yeah, I'm...I'm standing in front of a row of beakers, with different colored liquids, intermittently rubbing my chin and writing down long, complex, equations. And there is a giant computer next to me, too, with several blinking buttons.

Cecil: Well, you're obviously...hard...at work. Hard at work. And I...and I really hate to bother you. No, wait! How are you able to listen to my radio show from an alternate desert otherworld?

Carlos: Oh, I...I just reprogrammed my phone using some basic scientific laws, and now I can actually livestream your radio station! Yeah, so...so time doesn't work correctly in Night Vale, and it works actually even less correctly here, so sometimes I get old broadcasts from before we met, and once I heard a future broadcast but I turned that off as soon as I realized what was happening, because you know, some thing just aren't meant to be known.

Anyway, so I heard that you announced that there's a new wing of the library opening, that's exciting!

Cecil: No! No! No, that is not exciting! Well, actually, technically, yes it is exciting, but it's like, the horrible exciting! There are escaped librarians on the loose and...listen, this is one of the few times that I am glad that you are in an alternate dimension. At least, there, you are safe from bloodthirsty librarians.

Carlos: Why would we need to be afraid of librarians? Librarians are helpful and kind! I mean, I don't want to generalize about all librarians, you know, certainly there are some mean librarians, just as there are some mean people, I mean...just as there are helpful and kind librarians and people. They are no different than any of us!

So, I myself have never actually met a librarian. Yeah, I, uh, since I am a scientist and not a writer or an editor, I've never actually had to read a book.

Cecil: Oh!

Carlos: Yeah, and thus, um, yeah. And– and– and have never actually been inside a library. Uh, but, but I had friends in college who were literature or journalism majors, and they told me that librarians did things like...help recommend good books, and find important information related to their interests, and nearly all of my friends that have visited a library are still alive.

A little over half.

Anyway, I don't see what the panic is about!

Cecil: No, Carlos, listen to yourself. This is...this is insane!

Carlos: Perhaps, you know, Cecil, but...as the great mathematician Albert Einstein once said, "the definition of insanity is available inside this cave. Come inside this cave. Come inside this cave and the definition will be told to you, it is so nice inside this cave."

Cecil: True. No, Carlos, even though there are no librarians where you are, I want you to be safe. Or, better yet, come home soon.

Carlos: I'll see you again soon. I promise.

Cecil: I– I don't know what to do with myself without you. I love you.

Carlos: I love you too. And, you know, Cecil, I'll be fine. I'm a scientist. A scientist is always fine.

Cecil: Well, listeners, I have to say, I certainly feel better having talked to Carlos...even though I have learned absolutely nothing new about the escaped librarians.

So, Night Vale, all I can tell you is to board up your doors and windows, turn out the lights, and– and do not answer your door for any reason. We do not yet know how long we must hide ourselves.

And you must continue to live your lives. But, do so in a way that draws no attention, that requires no light, or motion. J– Shut down your lives, dear listeners, for fear of losing them. Just remove all semblance of living to prolong, for a few more moments, that empty life.

Be safe, Night Vale. And I will do my best to keep bringing you the news.

Andrew: Hello, Cecil?

Cecil: Intern Andrew? Well, it's wonderful to hear from you again. Are you...are you at the library?

Andrew: Uh, yes. I have found my way into the library, it's very dark in here. The construction crew is standing over the collapsed scaffolding, poking at it with sticks and ordering it to put itself back together again. Their antennae are in the non-aggressive position, so I don't think they realize the danger they're in.

Cecil: OK. Be careful, Andrew, but also...be closer to the story. Be much closer and tell all of us what you see.

Andrew: Uh, well, I'm walking between the shelves, there are books all around me. I don't feel safe around so many books. There are small wallows here and there where librarians have nested for the night. Some of these look quite fresh.

Cecil: OK, move quietly. There could still be a librarian somewhere.

Andrew: There is! There is a librarian! OK, it's seen me. It has me trapped in the biography section. There are so many books here about Helen Hunt. I have no choice, I'm gonna have to fight my way out of this.

Cecil: No! No, you would never survive. Just pretend that you don't exist and hope that the librarian shares your delusion.

Andrew: It's too late. It's too late. I have my fencing sword in my hand. Say goodbye to my mother. Wherever she's buried herself after the mine closed, I'm gonna do her proud.

Cecil: OK, I will definitely find–

Andrew: And say goodbye to my best friend Johann and my second-best friend Jamie, and my tied-for-third best friends Xerxes and Hasad. Wish them well on their artisanal upholstery business. Cover those chairs, my sweetest friends. Cover those chairs.

Cecil: Ok, I will...I will do that...

Andrew: And say goodbye to the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in My Home. I don't know what I would have done without her. Well, probably most of the same things I always did because I didn't know she was there until she started running for mayor, and now I'm not clear how she's secretly living anywhere. I mean, how is it a secret at this point?

Cecil: Huh.

Andrew: Yeah, ask her that.

Cecil: All right.

Andrew: And– and– and kind of smirk while you ask her.

Cecil: Oh.

Andrew: Like, lean back, you know, cross your arms a little bit.

Cecil: Like...

Andrew: More...

Cecil: Rrrrr...

Andrew: OK, great.

Cecil: Rrr....

Andrew: So...so do that. Do that for me.

Cecil: OK, I wi– I will do all of those things.

Andrew: Wait! And say goodbye to Cecil.

Cecil: What?

Andrew: Tell him his voice is like swimming in a clear, cold underground river.

Cecil: No, I'm Cecil!

Andrew: Just tell him for me!

All right, I'm going in. This will be a perilous and lengthy struggle. We'll be intertwined in a gruesome embrace until one of us dies. Maybe hours from now, maybe days.

For Night Vale!

Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!

Cecil: To the family of intern Andrew WK: He was a brave intern...although not very knowledgeable about fencing swords and their complete inability to cut human flesh, let alone librarian exoskeletons.

And now, a public service announcement.

The Greater Night Vale Medical Community is calling on all citizens to please, give blood. There are always patients, unfortunate people, who need your help. Sometimes there is a great natural disaster, like an earthquake or tornado, or even a great artificial disaster, like scissor fog. But do not wait for these moments to give blood. Doctors need it every single day.

Never given blood before? It's easy. The Greater Night Vale Medical Community knows that many of you are afraid of needles. But there are so many non-needle ways to get your blood: court injunction, satellites, wolverines, a very carefully-staged "accident..." so please, put aside your rational fear of needles and pain and give blood.

This message has been brought to you by the Greater Night Vale Medical Community, which...

OK, this is weird. Listen, I'm sorry, but I said that I would ask.

The Greater Night Vale Medical Community wanted me to tell you that they think that you are cute, and are you seeing anybody right now? Because, listen, I told them that you were, so that way there's no pressure on you, OK? But they still wanted me to ask, and they were very persistent.

You know what? No. It's cool, I'll tell them that you are seeing somebody, so there are no worries.

Listeners, I'm starting to doubt if I'm as alone as I thought in this studio. Um, I thought it was only me, and the monitoring cameras, and the cameras that monitor the monitoring cameras...but I'm beginning to feel something else. See something else. It's...I'm seeing...

Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home: Cecil?

Cecil: Aahhhh! I think I know who this is!

Faceless Old Woman: Yes, it's me. The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home.

Cecil: Of course. It is former mayoral candidate and hidden lurker watching all of us at all times, the Faceless Old Woman. Um, well, it's lovely to have you here.

Faceless Old Woman: I am not a former candidate. I do not accept the results of the mayoral race, and I still consider myself your best choice for mayor. I wanted to make myself known to you and your listeners in this time of crisis to show how mayoral I am. It is very mayoral to stand near disasters. I am very good at standing near things.

I am less good at being seen, but I am working on that using a system of whistles and mirrors.

Cecil: Huh. Mirrors.

Well, let's talk about this. What would you, as presumptive mayor, have done differently with this librarian situation?

Faceless Old Woman: Oh, many things. Mayoral things. Profound and effective things. I would have stood in the corners of dark rooms, shaking my head in disappointment. I would have taken the uneaten lettuce from your crisper and stapled it to your couch cushions. I would have filled every dresser drawer with damp autumn leaves and uneasy dreams.

Cecil: Hmm.

Faceless Old Woman: I would have written the date of your death in blue highlighter on all of your shoes. There's a lot you can do as mayor if you just stop and think. If you just stop all time, and think for centuries on a problem while linear progression ceases and you continue to age on a separate plane of existence.

Cecil: And all of this would help get rid of the librarians on the loose in Night Vale?

Faceless Old Woman: What? Oh, no, I don't care about that. That was just a list of things I would do regardless of intentions or consequences.

Librarians are pretty awful, but I can always hide. I live secretly in your home, not obstreperously like the rest of you, chewing loudly and playing brass instruments and stomping around in thick boots through a haze of television chatter and sublimated sadness.

Also, stop being so self conscious about your weight. Your shirts are all a full size too big. I've cut them into fabric strips and made an ottoman of them.

Cecil: Well, uh, Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly– but l– listen. Is there a shorter name that I can call you, by the way?

Faceless Old Woman: Yes.

Cecil: Oh! What is it?

Faceless Old Woman: I'll whisper it into your ear.

Cecil: Uh?

[exaggerated whispering sounds]

Ohhh...really?

Faceless Old Woman: Don't tell!

Cecil: OK, I won't!

Faceless Old Woman: Don't tell!

Cecil: OK. All right, all right.

Well. Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, uh, even if you are safe from librarians, um, shouldn't your top concern as mayoral candidate be for the safety of your constituents?

Faceless Old Woman: Yes, it should. But "should" and "is" are different words for many reasons. Spelling is one reason; there are other reasons. It's understandable you're alarmed, but...it's also quite dull. I'm bored with your fear. I want to talk about the death you cannot see, the dangers you do not fear because you do not know. That is interesting to me.

Cecil: Now, what dangers do we not see? Please, please tell us.

OK, she's whispering in my ear again...

[exaggerated whispering sounds]

What? Him? Oh, he's so sweet!

[exaggerated whispering sounds]

Wha– her, too? Oh, that's awful.

[exaggerated whispering sounds]

Oh, I actually don't know him.

[exaggerated whispering sounds]

Faceless Old Woman: Well, most doctors don't even know how to stop the swelling or stench at all.

Cecil: Oh, that's terrible, Faceless Old Woman!

Faceless Old Woman: You meant "interesting." You said "terrible," you meant "interesting." Look, it's all going to be OK.

Cecil: It will? How?

Faceless Old Woman: Well, it actually won't be. I was lying. But don't worry, I'll always be there for you.

Cecil: Oh, well that's very sweet of you, Faceless Old Woman!

Faceless Old Woman: Oh, look. Diane Creighton has throat spiders. I need to see this.

Cecil: Hello? Hellooo?

Well, it seems like she's gone again.

Listeners, the worst has just happened. We are getting reports that a librarian has entered a theater. Thankfully, you are not one of those doomed souls who risked their lives for something as useless as live theater! Ha ha ha! Ahh, ha ha! Ahh.

But let us all, as an exercise in empathy, imagine what it would be like to be one of those unfortunates in their last oblivious moments. Imagine you are in a theater. Imagine rows of seats. Imagine a stage. Imagine amplification, and the person seated a row behind you consistently whispering to their friend. Picture this. Picture yourself as you would never be, in a crowd of listening strangers.

Now, imagine the librarian in the theater, not yet spotted in the dark of the house. Imagine it slithering silently beneath the theater seats. What if, hypothetical theater-goer, it were under the seat that you were in right now?

Don't look! Don't look!

If it saw you, what would it decide to do to you?

OK, there is safety in numbers. Everyone at once, now, look!

There's nothing there! You are safe in your imagined theater seat. Or, maybe, the librarian anticipated your movement and slipped out of view just as you looked. That is a possibility, too. What is wonderful about this world is that anything is possible. Anything that can eventually result in your death is possible.

Oh. Was that a dry, scaled hand upon your shoulder?

No, not that shoulder. No, it's the other one. Yeah. It's...

Oh. Ooohhhh. It keeps moving back and forth. And you begin to feel breath faintly on the back of your neck. So faintly that you dismiss it, over and over until it dismisses you for good.

And one by one by one, people are disappearing from their theater seats without a sound, just a flash of red and a dark stain. And your brain adjusts for this by remembering those seats as always having been empty and moist.

And then, then the screams start. First the left side of the theater! And then the right side of the theater! And the entire theater is screaming! And one person in the front row stands up, and they are tearing at their hair, and they are howling!

And wait! Wait! The entire front row stands up, and the entire front row is clutching at their chests, and they are screaming louder than the entire theater combined!

And then, there is silence.

Utter silence.

And the front row sits down.

And the silence is worse than the screams. And no one is saying anything at all. And no one is making the slightest move. And the librarian...it is above them.

Don't look up!

And the librarian begins to descend, perhaps on a web, perhaps on great black wings, perhaps with its tendrils wrapped around the walls and the beams of the theater and it's jaws begin to open and it focuses on one single person.

Don't look up!

And while that person waits, unknowingly, to get taken, I take all of you, safe at home of course, not actually helpless in a theater, to the weather!

["Serpentine Cycle of Money" by Carrie Elkin and Danny Schmidt]

Cecil: Listeners, good news! I mean, the news was always good for you, safe at home, with only a few hidden entities lurking around you (and none of them quite as dangerous as librarians) but, the news is surprisingly also good for those screaming victims trapped in the theater.

The librarians have been recaptured.

Not by the Sheriff's Secret Police, not by Tamika Flynn and her valiant band of well-read child vigilantes, but by the librarians themselves.

We have learned that the initial escapee was named Randall, and we have also learned that Randall was trying to leave his job as a librarian. He was curious about all the other jobs in the world, as he had been born a librarian and had only ever known the secret evils and dark magics of library science.

Randall wanted to know what it would be like to work as a construction contractor, an auto body mechanic, a food coop manager, a municipal park employee, a Hooded Figure. There is a whole world of occupations and opportunities in America.

"It is a free country," we regularly explain to ourselves, without quite knowing what we mean.

And Randall even slipped into a theater to find out what it might be like to be a folk singer, or an actor, or an usher, or just a regular person – just a human, filled with regret and worry, trying to find a moment outside of themselves by watching a live performance.

But the librarians, knowing that they are not human (far from it), found Randall and brought him back to the library. For while they are terrible, blood-thirsty pseudo reptilians, librarians are also quite organized. Just as they would never want a highly-researched nonfiction travel guide like Stephen King's The Dark Tower series to end up in, say, Fiction, or a sci-fi fantasy comic book like Pat Conroy's The Prince of Tides to end up in Religious Studies, librarians also know that they should never be seen or felt or heard outside of a library. Librarians know that they cannot enter society and coexist with humans without succumbing to intense hunger and curiosity and...tearing us all into pink pulpy piles of post-existence.

So, they dragged unhappy Randall from the theater, along with a couple of collateral audience members.

And the people in the theater were filled with relief, and shaking with the echo of their terror. And they each turned to a person seated near them – not a person that they came with – they each turned to a complete stranger and they said, to that stranger, "You are alive for now."

And then they said, to that stranger, "Congratulations." And then they shared a couple of moments of eye contact to acknowledge the unlikelihood of that claim.

One...two...and then they turned away, uncomfortable with all that eyeballs and vision might imply, and then they said, to that stranger, "Well, it was nice to meet you." And then, each one of them said, "My name's Amanda," even though very few of them were actually named Amanda. Very few.

Then the show went on, and that moment of exchange hung between all the strangers in the audience, latent, and invisible. Perhaps to be reprised later, or perhaps already only existing in the poor reconstruction of memory.

As usual, we had nothing to fear. And, in saying that, I mean we have everything to fear.

Death is slotted for us all, and maybe it is years from now – in a soft bed, surrounded by the soft eyes of the people that we love – or, maybe, it is not so many years from now at all. And we have every reason to be afraid. But we also need to learn to put that fear aside, like a library book. Sometimes we need to check out our fear, and– and– and read it, and– and study it and peruse it closely, but at a certain point return it to its proper shelf and experience something else.

Contentment.

Worry.

Calm.

Hunger.

Spinal parasites.

And a great deal of love, of every kind.

So put that fear in a place where you can find it when you need it, but don't carry it with you! Don't carry it with you.

Stay tuned next for a shuffling movement outwards, the dimming of lights, and a large hall left empty and silent until the next time it is not.

Goodnight to all of you, listeners.

And goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

64) WE MUST GIVE PRAISE (15 March 2015)

Don't judge a book by its cover. Judge it by the harmful messages it contains.

Welcome to Night Vale.

The enormous glowing cloud that serves as president of the Night Vale School Board announced a five-year strategic plan for the school district. The plan, put together over the past year by the twelve-member board, lays out new curriculum goals, organizational restructuring, and a comprehensive outline for eternal penitence before the Mighty Glow Cloud.

Everyone present at the press conference fell to their knees and praised the Glow Cloud – their eyes solid white, gray smoky wisps swirling from their chanting mouths, hands clapping loudly in unison – as miniature glowing colorful clouds swept about them.

"CHILDREN ARE OUR FUTURE!" the Glow Cloud said. "WE MUST GIVE PRAISE! GIVE OUR LIVES! GIVE OUR ALL TO THE CHILD OF THE GLOWING CLOUD! TO THE SCION OF INCORPOREAL RULE! ALL HAIL! ALL HAIL! ALL HAIL!"

The crowd chanted along in worship of the Glow Cloud's child, who is currently a freshman at Night Vale High School. The young cloud is an active member of both Show Choir and the Speechless Debate team. Their education has long been an important part of the adult Glow Cloud's leadership in the education community.

The Sheriff's Secret Police, in conjunction with several Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agencies, are calling on all citizens to be on the lookout for two fugitives. Both Hiram McDaniels and the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home are wanted by authorities for their recent attempts to usurp mayoral control of Night Vale.

Hiram is described as literally a five-headed dragon. He is 18 feet tall, and his heads are colored blue, green, gold, gray, and purple. They each have their own personality, sentience, memory, and distinct markings and features.

The gray head often feels blue, and wears a green nose ring. The blue head considers logic the gold standard of intellect, and has purple eyes. The gold head is actually more of a sable, and will talk ‘til he's blue in the face. The purple head has grown gray with paranoid fantasies and wears a gold neck chain that has a pendant with the word "Violet" written in green gemstones. And the green head is the real shouty one that wants to set everyone on fire, all the time.

The Secret Police are also on the hunt for the Faceless Old Woman, whom they describe as "an elderly female without a face – although, no one has ever actually seen her, so we're all just guessing. But, you'll know you're near her if you're at home. Particularly if you're home alone and it's dark, and you think you hear breathing and creaking steps in another room. Under no circumstances should you look. Don't look. You will not at all like what you see," the Secret Police said.

There is a reward for information leading to the arrest of either of these fugitives. That reward is a gift card to Pier 1, a lifetime of gratitude, and a couple of handwritten coupons for things like washing the dishes, or a ten-minute back rub.

Um, a couple of listeners have asked how my boyfriend Carlos is doing. He's still working on lots of interesting science projects in that desert otherworld. It's been almost a year since I last saw him in person, and I miss him a lot. I'm waiting to hear back from Station Management about getting vacation time so I can go visit him. It's nearly impossible to get approved for vacation and, even if you do, you never know when or how you will find out.

At most businesses, you just file some simple paperwork or ask your direct supervisor, and after a few days they have someone from Human Resources hide in the back seat of your car, and when you're halfway home they grab your face from behind, covering your eyes with one hand and mouth with the other and shout "Your vacation has been approved, congratulations!" And then, in your excitement, you take them out for ice cream.

But not in community radio. You can wait weeks, or months, to hear back. In the meantime, though, I've been taking up watercolors again, and I did something I've never done for anyone else I've ever been with. I painted a picture of Carlos. He's in profile, looking across his desert otherworld, he's wearing his Karl Lagerfeld-designed lab coat, and there's a car-sized Bichon Frisé atop a dune behind him.

And it might be the best painting I've ever made. I had long given up this old hobby, and lately I've grown so...oh, I don't know...out of touch? Lost? Disconnected? I just needed something to occupy my time.

Anyway, I hung it above my desk, near the window, and I tell you, it really gets me through the days, seeing my pastel Carlos in his brush-swept otherworld paradise.

Let's take a look now at the Community Calendar.

Thursday night, Dark Owl Records will be holding an open mic for anyone who promises not to play any music, perform any poetry or comedy, or produce any kind of art at all. Dark Owl owner Michelle Nguyen says she hopes to not have to listen to or see any more art for as long as she lives, which she is sure will be for a really long time.

"It's taking forever, this life!" Nguyen said, before inserting an AOL Free Internet for 30 Days disc into her antique CD player. "This is the only thing I can listen to anymore," Nguyen added.

Friday morning, the Society for a Blood Space War will be traveling back in time and eliminating several future enemies before they gain training and grow powerful. According to the group's press kit, Friday is the official day of the event, but since they'll be traveling back in time, it's kind of moot because they've already done it. It's just that they recently hired a new PR manager, and he's being all, like, "you can't announce an event without a date."

Anyway, they'll have preemptively assassinated all future enemy leaders by Friday morning.

Well, this certainly explains the people in space suits who broke into our break room here at the station last week and started a laser knife battle with two folks from finance and our new intern, Hannah Reff – who, it turns out, had some pretty sick laser knife fighting skills. The finance folks went down easy, but Hannah managed to fight two of her attackers off before the three remaining intruders grabbed her and jumped en sacrificial masse into the temporary black hole they had created near the coffee maker, thus ending Hannah's future reign of space terror.

To the family of intern Hannah, she was a very good intern. Very focused, and always a friendly presence here in the office. She was also a future warlord in the Blood Space War, but...you couldn't have known that. Only Hannah could have. She will be missed.

Where was I? Oh.

Saturday afternoon on the Great Lawn is the Ennui Fair, sponsored by the Last Bank of Night Vale. There will be some pouty clowns, indifferent to simplistic balloon shapes of dogs. There will be local merchants and artisans, standing hopelessly in small lots where they should be setting up booths to showcase their wares, but can't bring themselves to do so because they've lost the thread...not just of the fair, but of their careers and lives.

Organizers say they expect cold rain that day, so you should......

And then their press release just trails off.

Sunday, all day, is the First Annual Ultimate Frisbee Tournament at the Softball and Field Hockey Grounds, which were discovered last fall by archaeologists over near the Olive Garden in the Problematic Birds District. The archaeologists determined this ancient site was built over four years ago by natives of this town, who enjoyed outdoor activities like amateur softball and field hockey.

Tuesday Afternoon is a pretty decent classic rock song.

It has just been reported to me that the Night Vale PTA is upset about the strategic plan created by the Night Vale School Board. Gordon Moreno, president of the PTA, issued a statement criticizing the School Board for not consulting parents and teachers when crafting these changes.

Joined by treasurer Diane Creighton, whose son Josh is a ninth grader at NVHS, and secretary...Steve Carlsberg...whose stepdaughter Janice is in second grade, Moreno said the school board once again showed its lack of care for parental input into the education and development of its students.

"Parent's voices must be heard," Moreno shouted from atop the statue of immortal film actor Lee Marvin. Sitting on Marvin's shoulders, legs dangling like a denim-wrapped flesh scarf from the bronze sculptures muscular neck, Moreno called for more transparency in education planning.

Moreno then clenched his teeth and lips and eyes as he kicked his legs back and forth in a groaning, full body tantrum.

Let's take a look at financial news.

2,921 is a number. Which is up from many other numbers, definitely up, so you should get really excited...or, perhaps, really upset over this.

Also, the following words: Crime, debt, capital, offering, and portfolio. Write those down and learn what they mean. Do not remember anything that you learn, but seek the memory of what you learn in dreams.

Here's another number: 9.8 billion. That's a very large number, one of the largest numbers. Loosen your jaw and breathe in slowly through your nose when you hear a number like that. 9.8 billion. That's "billion," with two Ls. Billion. Wow!

This has been financial news.

John Peters – you know, the farmer? – called today to say he noticed that Frank Chen has returned to town.

Some of you recall that Frank went missing a while back, and a little over two years ago his body was found by four kids who followed a railroad track. Chen's body was covered in extensive claw marks and burns, most likely caused – according to the coroner's report – by a large dragon.

Anyway, John said he's seen Frank driving around town in his pickup truck, doing some freelance construction work with a focus on carpentry and restoration, just like he always did when he was alive. John said Frank looks good.

"He's real tall now. And rotund," John said from atop a telephone pole, where he'd jimmied up a phone directly into the active lines. "Got a tail and bunch of colorful heads now. Also he got one of them crossover toolboxes and a class 4 adjustable hitch for his truck," John said, sounding impressed.

"I guess death isn't the end," John added. "We all have to live on in some way. Maybe it's in the legacy we leave, or the memories other people keep of us, or the feeling they have when they hear our names or a stolen identity taken by someone still alive. Or just actual physical immortality. It's all a shame. Whatever it is. Such a damn shame, everything is, I tell you."

And then there was a loud buzz, and a staticy pop, and a dial tone. And then a different voice said, "You can hang up the phone now, Cecil." And I said, "OK, Lacy. Fine."

We've just received word that the School Board has rejected the PTA's request for more transparency in long term strategic planning. The president of the School Board and enormous glowing cloud cited School District Code 25.3b-2, which states "ALL HAIL! ALL HAIL THE MIGHTY GLOW CLOUD! YOU ARE WEAK! YOU ARE NOTHING! YOU MUST BOW DOWN AND GIVE PRAISE TO THE GLOW CLOUD!" as well as Code 17.2a, which explicitly defines the powers of the School Board President as "OMNIPOTENT! OMNISCIENT! OBSTREPEROUS! INFINITE!" – and that's exactly what it says. It even has that reverb effect when you read it.

PTA president Moreno, knowing he had very little leverage in his request for power of legislative review, decided to change his strategy into a request for forgiveness from the angry pulsing cloud. Animals began falling from the sky with heavy thumps and splats and splashes. The Great Lawn has grown dark with carcasses and shadows as PTA officers run in search of cover.

I've heard from my friend, Diane Creighton, that she huddled underneath the Lee Marvin statue, and that the lifelike bronze form of our nation's greatest living actor has done a tremendous job of blocking the various black bears and nurse sharks and ostriches falling so violently to Earth.

The Glow Cloud has spread wide across the sky, blotting out important things like spy satellites and helicopters, as well as unimportant things like the moon and the illusions of mountains near the horizon. From right here in the studio, I can see the darkness spreading. It looks like this is as good a time as any to take you to the weath–

What was that? What the [...] was that?

["True Trans Soul Rebel" by Against Me!]

The School Board and the PTA have reached a compromise. The PTA's earlier grievance that long-term curriculum and school district planning lacked transparency has been heard. And while the Glow Cloud and the School Board could not offer complete openness and inclusion in all school district decisions for the PTA, they could offer to stop dropping dead animals on everyone, if the PTA never mentioned transparency or questioned authority again.

PTA president Moreno agreed to these terms, panting, "Yeah. Oh, yeah, sure. Never again. Please, just let us be. Please!"

Then he breathlessly repeated "ALL HAIL, ALL HAIL, ALL HAIL," as thick residue of some fallen beast dripped slowly off his swollen face and onto his torn shirt.

Diane Creighton, safe beneath the Lee Marvin statue, asked, "Perhaps a PTA liaison on the School Board would be..." but Moreno jumped in.

"No. No liaison. We are fine, Diane, we must give praise!"

And Diane didn't say a word. But she said a lot. Moreno did not acknowledge the look in Diane's eyes.

Steve Carlsberg then added...oh, I don't know, it doesn't matter. I'm sure he added something. Steve always does.

I hope you are all safe, dear listeners. I hope you are all OK. I know I am safe.

Sadly, though, I am not OK. The falling animal carcasses collapsed a small section of the outer wall around our radio station. No one was injured, but it was the wall where my desk was. My new painting. I had spent so long on it. I mean, I can replace it, but...it's just that. It's...just that it brought me such happiness, such a reason to get up, such little joys.

Like, it's not hard to find images of Carlos, we have science, with its phones and screens and psychic projections, and...but that picture [sigh] it was art. Creation. Destroyed. I mean, I can paint another. I can. I can just paint another.

It'll be fine. Just an excuse to do some fun painting. I'm glad we're all OK. Diane's OK, even Steve, I'm glad he's OK too, I can just paint...

It's fine.

Yup. Everything's fine.

Stay tuned next for the quiz show Ask Me Another But I'll Never Talk, You Fiend, I'll Never Talk. It's our most popular new program.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

65) Voicemail (1 April 2015)

Cecil, recorded: You have reached the voicemail of Cecil Gershwin Palmer. That might seem like an easy thing to do, but think about how long you had to stay alive just to learn how a phone works and who I am. Congratulate yourself on that. Give yourself a vigorous pat on the back, and...don't forget to leave a message after the heavily distorted sample of a man saying "I just couldn't eat another bite."

[I just couldn't eat another bite!]

Carlos, with wind in the background: Hey, sweetie, it's Carlos. I know you're probably busy talking, or not talking. It seems like you're always talking, or not talking, you know?

So, I'll try again in a bit, but I just wanted to let you know what's up here. What's up? The sky!

OK, OK, that is a funny joke, but it is also a scientifically accurate one. I only tell scientifically accurate jokes. I don't get how people can find inaccurate jokes funny.

Like, OK, so a horse walks into a bar, and says "I feel used. As a species, even, I feel used." And so then the bartender, who is also a horse, ‘cause, you know, this is the Horse District where the horses live when they're not being used by the humans, and the horse bartender says, "Don't I know it, buddy!" and the first horse says "I'm not your buddy!" And then he says, "Man, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. That was awful of me. It's the anger."

So, that's another example of a scientifically accurate joke.

Things are going really well here. With the help of Doug and Alicia and the other members of the masked army who live in this strange desert other world, we've been starting to build out an infrastructure. Of course, I had already set up a temporary lab, but now we've dug up the stones that were used in the old settlements up on the mountain and have been building important basics of life, like shelter and roads and blood stone circles. It's starting to look downright homey around here...if you ignore the disquieting wasteland beyond. So it's just like the rest of the world, really.

There's lots of material to work with, because – get this – we've been just finding stuff lately. Microwaves, toolboxes, old tennis balls. They look like they've been here a while. I'm not sure how this stuff ended up here, but I'm going to find out.

Ooh! That reminds me. I'm thinking of getting a tattoo with the definition of science straight out of Webster's Dictionary. So it'll say, quote, "I don't know, but I'm trying to find out, OK?" end quote, and then it'll have a skull and some roses. Ooh, maybe an anchor, to make it look old-timey.

Hmm.

I'm still working on how to get you here, but I will. How? I don't know, but I'm trying to find out, OK?

OK?

OK.

I love you. Talk again soon.

[BEEP]

Michelle Nguyen: Hey, Cecil, it's Michelle from Dark Owl Records calling. The new...ugh...Woody Guthrie album is in for you? I can't believe you're still listening to that stuff! He hasn't been cool since his electro-punk period. We're all listening to archival recordings of bees now.

Come in for your stupid album and I'll show you the bee sounds while you're here. And maybe you could hang out for a while, because I'm lonely and I need more human contact. Ugh. Woody Guthrie?

[BEEP]

Steve Carlsberg, with "A Wandering Star" from Paint Your Wagon playing in the background: Hey, Cecil! I know you said that I wasn't allowed to leave any voicemails on your phone, and you marched around the room waving your arms and saying, "No, Steve Carlsberg, no voicemails!" then you tried to convince me that voicemails aren't real, but you couldn't, because I know what is what around here.

I know what is what.

But anyways, I just wanted to make a quick call to see if Janice could stay with you in a few months. Abby and I are looking at doing a nice little vacation. You know, just the two of us. Somewhere romantic, like the Warehouse District, or the Sand Wastes, or Arby's. You of all people know how romantic a long weekend at Arby's can be!

Which – listen. By the way, I meant it as just a nice gift when I printed up all those T-shirts of you and Carlos there, looking up at the lights. And you got all weird about it, but...I don't mind. Sorry I made you upset again.

Just get back to me about the Janice thing, or answer me on your radio show while ranting about me. Either way is fine.

Hope everything's going well with Carlos. Hope everything is just...going. Hope everything goes. Hope it's gone. We all do.

Okie dokie!

[BEEP]

Tamika Flynn: Cecil, Tamika Flynn here. I'm calling to let you know that me and the rest of the missing children are having a book drive. We're taking books and herding them out on the long trail. Sleepless nights on our horses, books clear from our feet out to a horizon gone dusty, with the dreary stomp of spine and page upon Earth, the sad yelp of books taken in the night by coyotes or librarians...I don't know how long we'll be gone, but when my horse is neck deep in the Colorado, and I'm watching the drowned carcass of some book that will never find a reader again float away on that relentless current, I'll think about you.

Also, it will probably be Thursday. We'll be back Thursday. We're not taking the books that far. They can't walk, and...they're not even sentient, so this will be a short one.

Oh! Gotta go. Night Film by Marisha Pessl is looking restless, and I'm worried it'll start a stampede!

[BEEP]

Earl Harlan, with the sound of a crowded restaurant in the background: Hi, it's me. Sure, I'd love to come back and do another segment of "Cooking Stuff with Earl Harlan." I have this great recipe for pumpkin pie. There's so much less blood splatter than you would think!

Um, but listen, I'm trying to schedule a little more time in my life for my son. It's hard for both of us, what with me having a full-time kitchen job, plus going straight from being a childless teenager to a middle-aged man with an eleven-year-old. I– I mean, they have Sesame Street episodes about it that you can show your kid, but even with PBS's help, trying to explain how weird time is? It's really hard! Time is unimaginably weird.

Uh, my son's name is Roger. I finally asked him, and he told me. It was that easy, and it wasn't easy at all.

I gotta get back to the kitchen. We have a lot of orders coming in, plus it's on fire. Cook with you soon, Cecil.

[BEEP]

Fey: SEVENTEEN.
EIGHTY-EIGHT.
[DING]
FORTY-NINE.
EIGHTY-SIX.
EIGHTY-ONE.
SIXTY-EIGHT.

♫ 'CAUSE I AM A CHAMPION ♫
♪ AND YOU'RE GONNA HEAR ME... ♪
[SIGH]

EIGHTY-ONE.
EIGHTY-THREE.
[DING]
FOUR.

[BEEP]

Carlos: Hey, sorry to call again so soon...I know we talked about space and boundaries and all of that, especially with this whole Lot 37 thing you're going through...gotta have time to think. And Cec, I understand a time to think, but I have made an important scientific discovery, and you know the rules are different when an important scientific discovery is made. An important scientific discovery is grounds to interrupt anything!

I found people! Here, in this desert other world! We – me, and the members of the masked army – saw human shapes coming towards us. The masked army opted, as is their way, for something of a warlike response, but I convinced them that it was important to discover the facts before formulating a response – an idea to which Doug roared in a fearsome voice, "THAT MAKES TOTAL SENSE! LET'S GO CHAT WITH THEM AND SEE WHAT'S UP!"

And here is, my sweet Cecil, what was up. These people were citizens of Night Vale. They had been lost from their home, as of today, for exactly two years, and they have apparently been wandering the desert since!

They are a tad traumatized by their years in a featureless wasteland accompanied only by a distant rumble and a bright light that they felt primarily in the roots of their teeth, and so they haven't told me yet how they got here, but I have them resting in the hot yoga studio we recently built, so I hope to hear their story soon. And when I hear the story, you will too. And then, you know, I'm sure everyone who listens to your show will, you old blabbermouth!

You know, it would upset me if it weren't just who you are. So much of each other would be annoying if it weren't also the essence of us. Hmm.

OK, more soon.

[BEEP]

Deb: Hello, Cecil. It's Deb, the sentient patch of haze. I have some new ad copy I wanted to run by you, and then I want to disregard any petty human feelings you have about it, and then I want to run the ad on the air. Here goes, okay?

I drift above you. I see mostly the top of your heads. You are pitiful from that perspective. Your hair droops, or falls out, or hangs flat. I haze above you, sentiently. You slog below me, humanly.

Sentient patches of haze: we are the future. We are also the past. You aren't even the props. You are the backdrop.

So if you have any issues or questions at all about that ad, don't hesitate to not tell me.

Hope you're having a great day. Okay, Cecil, buh-bye.

[BEEP]

Faceless Old Woman, with the sound of moths fluttering about in the background: Hello, Cecil. It's the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home. I'm in your closet, listening to moths eat one of your suits. They make such a lovely crunch and tear.

I just wanted to reach out in regards to you protecting your former intern, Dana, against Hiram and I's good work toward destroying her. You've foiled us more than once. I won't forget that, Cecil. I forget nothing. Unlike you, your brain a dusty surface so easily blown clean.

My memory cakes on. It stains. It warps. My memory's erosion. It is on the very surface of the earth.

Do you feel my fingernails on your back? No. You don't. I could do so many things to you without you feeling it. Remember that, if you remember nothing else...which seems likely these days.

Tell Carlos I said hi. I always liked him.

And stay out of my way, or I will destroy you. Just as these moths I caught outside and carried into your closet are destroying all of your clothing.

[BEEP]

Old Woman Josie: Cecil. I'm here with Erika and Erika, just checking to see if we can get a ride to league night later. My car's in the shop because I stopped believing in it, so if you can fit us all in there, we'd appreciate it.

Also, I can't use my left hand lately, so it might be a little tricky, but we are still going to win. We'll crush 'em, Cecil!

[BEEP]

Dana: Hi, Cecil! It's may–...it's Dana. I hope you're doing OK. You seem kind of...I mean, lately. Lately you've been...

Isn't it weird how we talked more when I was trapped in that distant desert other world than now when we work a five-minute drive from each other? It's funny how life works.

That word meant the opposite of its usual meaning. That's funny too, I guess.

I know you think I bought Lot 37, but you're wrong. I wasn't in Night Vale at the time. Yes, I projected myself into the auction that day, but I only bought some collectible spoons and a Lee Marvin autographed baseball of my brother. That's all, though.

It's awful when you can see the reasoning for someone's feeling towards you while knowing wholly that they're wrong.

I wonder sometimes if my double could have done better, or if I am the double, whether the original me would have done better. Did I destroy my better half? Then maybe I was lucky that even half of me was better, once upon a time.

Cecil, I do my best with what I have. I don't have much.

I hope we'll talk soon. Night Vale needs me as much as it needs you, and when it comes down to it, I'll stand for that before anything else. It's my job.

OK.

[BEEP]

[Electronic static and feedback]

[BEEP]

Carlos: Hey, OK, quick update, and then *poof* I'm gone again from your voicemail.

I've put some of the junk we found and some of the people we found in my lab, and I'm studying them using microscopes and vials of bubbling liquid and me making thoughtful expressions and saying things like "Hmm." So I'm really using all of the available scientific tools right now.

Ooh, I feel like I'm on the verge of something big here, something new!

I'll call you soon. [Gasp] This is so exciting!

[BEEP]

Hiram McDaniels - Gold Head: Well, howdy Cecil! Uh, Frank Chen here.

Blue Head: Yes, Frank Chen. With 100% certainty, that is who I am.

Gold Head: Right. Uh, so, uh, Frank Chen, normal human with one voice. No other voices interrupting that main voice, making me sound anything less than human.

Green Head: What's going on? Someone put the phone near my ears! I can't hear!

Gray Head: Well, there's that busted.

Gold Head: Just normal Frank Chen, uh, playing a joke with funny voices, wantin' to hear if the mayor told you any plans she might have. I'm curious 'cause, uh, I'm a citizen, and a voter.

Purple Head: This was a bad plan! I told you I didn't want any more to do with your foolish plans!

Gold Head: Purple! Green, Blue, Gray, come on, guys! We're in this together!

[Exasperated sigh]

Just...all right. Frank Chen, average person of normal head amount, saying, uh, goodbye. See ya around, Cecil.

[BEEP]

Automated voices: Hello, this is your daily update from the automated weather service. Here is the current weather.

["Tag!" by Scarves]

Automated voices: Thank you for using our automated weather service. Have a nice day.

[BEEP]

Carlos: Cecil! Cecil, I did it! I understand! I hooked everything up to computers, and I said "hmm" a lot, and then I asked the people to talk about how they ended up in the desert and it turned out that they were all lured into the Dog Park during Poetry Week. And then the gates closed on them, and they've been in this desert ever since.

And I thought about this. I thought about how Dana came in here with them on that same day, and about all of the stuff I found, which I think is junk that people got rid of by throwing them over the walls of the forbidden Dog Park.

And I realized...this is the Dog Park! This whole desert, the mountain, the light up on the mountain, we're in a vast, perhaps endless, and definitely endlessly forbidden Dog Park!

Which means you can visit now! You just have to walk through that Dog Park gate, and then...you know, walk a few more hundred miles after that to wherever we're at in this huge desert, and then you'll be able to take that vacation here!

Uh, call me as soon as you get this. Cecil! Oh, honey-voiced honey! You'll be able to visit!

Talk soon. I love you.

[BEEP]

Kevin: Hey, friend! We haven't spoken in a while. Not since all that...unpleasantness happened. I hope everything has been super-pleasant since then.

Oh! But hey! I've been working on something I'd like to show you. I think you'll be just jazzed about it! Get back to me A.S.A.P., OK?

Until next time, Cecil. Until next time.

[BEEP]

66) worms... (15 April 2015)

We all lie dreamily upon damp earth, spotting clouds shaped like animals we have yet to invent.

Welcome to Night Vale.

If you woke up today, you're probably already well aware of the worms. It's been about 12 years since the last round of worm-based terror in this town, but...they're back. They're doing all of the usual worm things: flying around and dropping trees onto cars and houses, spitting venom at people, and eating stray cats and then leaving large mewling pellets all about town.

Thousands of worms have managed to completely envelop the Rec Center Annex, which is where today's continuing education course, Counter-Terrorism Techniques for Beginners, was taking place. Sadly, despite frequent pleas by many to classify worm attacks as terrorism, worms remain classified as a low-grade infestation – and thus were not covered in today's continuing education coursework. This means more giant squirming pellets to clean up.

Um, yeah, yeah...worms...worms, worms, worms...great.

Hey. Unrelated to anything, just wondering, but...have you ever asked yourself why the Dog Park is off limits? I mean, I know it's a municipal park and all, but shouldn't citizens be able to use it? Seems kind of weird, right? That you can't just go to the Dog Park and hang out. Maybe even...bring your dog? I don't know. It's not like it contains any kind of vast desert otherworld where my boyfriend lives, it's...I'm sure it's just a plain old Dog Park and not an alt-dimensional portal!

Maybe our mayor will try to open up the Dog Park for public use. Just...temporarily. Say, for a few minutes. Maybe our mayor can help me out for once. That would certainly be a friendly and mayoral thing to do.

After years of applications for city approval, there is finally an official Night Vale Book Club, listeners! The Book Club, which is run by 14 year-old bibliophile and heroic vigilante Tamika Flynn, will feature weekly discussions of popular and classic fiction, as well as Q&As with book experts about some of literature's most famous controversies., like last week's heated argument about whether or not Herman Melville really wrote all of the novels which bear his name, or just Fight Club.

The Book Club meets Tuesdays from 2:00pm to 4:00pm at Patty's Hardware and Discount Pastries. Members can candidly discuss the books without fear of most government repercussions, while noshing on some delicious wheat- and wheat byproduct-free pastries sold at great discount to you.

Patty's also specializes in hammers, crowbars, and anything heavy that fits in your hand and can be easily swung.

"Shop at Patty's. They'll never suspect a thing!" Patty shouts in the looped recording playing from her perpetually squirming animatronic statue out front of her flagship store.

This week's book is Helen DeWitt's The Last Samurai. There is only one heavily-charred edition of this novel left in the world, but Tamika assures us that she managed to..."borrow" a copy from the library's Forbidden Material Collection. She did finger quotes around the word "borrow," while also shaking her head no and stomping "I am being totally facetious" in Morse code with her right leg. Then, an owl landed on her shoulder and winked.

Spring League baseball tryouts are next Saturday afternoon at the Haunted Baseball Diamond. Children new to organized baseball will be assigned teams automatically, based entirely on their personal dispositions. That way there's a whole team of courageous players, a whole team of clever players, one of conniving selfish players, and one that...takes all the rest of the players. Just like the four Major League Baseball teams. Tryouts are from 10:00am to 2:00pm, with volunteer coaches Betty Lucero and Lucia Tereschenko.

The Night Vale Youth Baseball Association is asking parents to bring any extra baseballs to tryouts, as coach Tereschenko died over 150 years ago, and is now a ghost, and so has a hard time picking up ground balls during batting drills.

Um, getting an update on the worms...City Council has now elevated the warning scale from "worms..." (with a lower-case w followed by an ellipses) to "Worms!!" (with a capital W and two exclamation points). It has not yet reached all-caps "WORMS!" but, if something is not done, this could become a more destructive "Worms!!" outbreak than the famous WORMS! with all caps, one exclamation point, and underlined-twice disaster of 1997.

You know, listeners, if the worms get near the Dog Park, um, perhaps the Hooded Figures who pace about behind the tall black fences would get distracted. And then I could...run in there, and get to the desert otherw– ha...I– I...I could just go check out the dogs! Catching tennis balls, and– and have a nice afternoon in a local park.

Or...actually, no. No. I'd make a break for the desert otherworld inside the Dog Park, and finally go visit Carlos.

Or...you know. Something.

And now, a word form our sponsors.

Too much clutter in your home? Do you have excess furniture? Old clothes? A couple of folding bikes you never ride anymore? Jazz CDs that you no longer want because you finally realized how intellectually dangerous they can be?

Perhaps you could put that stuff online for sale!

There's no reason to let old junk go to waste. How does that saying go? "One person's trash is another person's leather bodysuit?" It's true! I bet that couch of yours would look really good in, say, Denise Esposito's house. In fact, it's there now. We went ahead and sold your couch to Denise. She's already come and picked it up while you were at work.

Also, we sold your TV to Sally Jensen, and your fridge to Mario Landis, and both of your cats to Pedro Renia. We sold all of your belongings, and you didn't have to do a thing!

Craigslist. We sold your stuff while you were gone.

Due to today's worm attacks, the Sheriff's Secret Police are putting their search on hold for literal five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels and the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home. After the attempted coup at City Hall several weeks back, the Secret Police have been aggressively pursuing the two fugitives, who have reportedly conspired many times to overthrow Mayor Dana Cardinal.

Mayor Cardinal has been imperiled several times in the last month, only to be saved by someone controlling Night Vale Community Radio host Cecil Palmer...who is still quite upset about being used against his will.

"If the mayor had just asked for my help, I would have happily come to her aid on my own," a frustrated Palmer said, just now, into this very microphone.

Palmer alleges that Mayor Cardinal purchased him last year in an auction, and has been using him as her personal protector. The mayor has denied these charges – but, like the Night Vale Constitution says, denying that you are guilty is a major sign of guilt.

The Secret Police had previously wanted against approaching either Hiram or the Faceless Old Woman, as they are both deadly. But, the Secret Police have been so busy dealing with the worms today, that they just can't deal with everything on their own.

"Maybe you could...help us out a bit, you think?" a Secret Police spokesperson said, as worms gripped his legs tighter. "I– I'm– I'm sure you'll be fine. If you could find either the 18-foot tall, five-headed dragon, or the omnipresent ethereal woman who you can't quite ever see, go ahead! Bring them down! Thanks for doing that. Big help. Big help," the spokesperson said as the worm consumed, with one slimy gulp, the cutlass in his left hand.

The Secret Police added they received a tip from Night Vale human Frank Chen that he saw Hiram McDaniels flying far away, to some other place. And so, Chen said, Hiram is definitely not still in Night Vale.

"Hiram ain't comin' ‘round here anymore. I'm sure of it!" Chen's long Gold Head stated.

"I will burn your frail, useless corpse, human!" Chen's scaly Green Head added.

"Stop calling people humans! We are human, remember?" Chen's Blue Head said.

"Uh, I mean, I am human, OK?" Chen's Gray Head said.

"Knock it off, you guys!" Chen's Purple Head grumbled, from behind the other heads.

Speaking of the Faceless Old Woman, she knows a lot about this town. I bet I could ask her how to get into the Dog Park, how to get into that desert otherworld. I should ask her, but I'm not sure I'll be able to find...

Faceless Old Woman: Ask me what?

Cecil: Oh! Hah! Faceless Old Woman, you...you scared me.

Faceless Old Woman: I know. So, you want to go to the desert otherworld and visit your boyfriend?

Cecil: Well, I do...

Faceless Old Woman: You are upset that the mayor has been using you to protect her from those wonderful threats to her life, and you're frustrated by this town. And you just want some time away to clear your head, and so you don't have to always be saving the mayor from whatever great forces are trying to remove her from office.

Cecil: Well, that's...

Faceless Old Woman: And by "great," I mean "really incredible." Of course, who even knows who's been doing all this to the mayor? I mean, I know. I know everything. But...all of these delightful rumors and lies about me and Hiram...I mean, how can people even report such rumors? Well, they're not totally untrue, I suppose. And how on Earth could I even get...

Cecil: But, Faceless Old Woman, is

Faceless Old Woman: Yes. I'm sorry. I'm a bit distracted.

Cecil: You know how to get into the Dog Park.

Faceless Old Woman: I do. And I want to help you, because...well, I want you to be happy, Cecil. I will tell you how in a dream. You will be in a boat – which will sink, of course – and you will lose all of your teeth. And as you are trying to pick up your teeth, you will find an oil painting of a Victrola. You will then place the needle on the record and eat the entire painting. Your chest will open, and dozens of red birds with gold ribbons in their talons will fly from you, and the ribbons will lift your limp, open body, carrying you through the sea and dropping you onto a frantic eddy of pink fish near a pink reef. You must wake immediately when you see the shadow of a young woman emerging from behind the coral. Do not look long at her.

When you awake, you will hear her whisper.

Cecil: And she will tell me how to get into the Dog Park?

Faceless Old Woman: I don't know what she will tell you.

Cecil: Well, Faceless Old Woman...

Faceless Old Woman: I have to go. I have to get back to keeping a distant eye on whatever it is that Chad is doing in that cursed home of his.

You'll be fine. Night Vale will be fine. The mayor will be...

Take a nice, long break, Cecil. You've earned it.

Cecil: Faceless Old Woman? Hello?

She's gone, I think.

[Ominous sound of Station Management in the background]

Listeners? Oh, dear. I have made a bad mistake. I believe I have upset Station Management. I think my openly talking about the Dog Park has proved to be far too political a topic for this station's old-fashioned values that believe in not questioning local, world, or secret reptilian governments, nor their parks.

I have grown cavalier in my anxiousness to get out of town for a vacation, and this lack of care in my job, perhaps, will lead to my end! I do not like the color glowing around my studio door right now. I do not like the predatorial sniffing around the door's edge. I do not like that hum, nor the heat of my skin, nor the cold in my heart.

I cannot face them, listeners! I can not! I just want a vacation! I just want to see Carlos, for a week! A day! A...

[Station Management goes suddenly silent]

An envelope!

Oh, no! The noise and the lights are gone! All that is left is a black envelope, upon which is a single silver glyph, lightly afire. I...I do not recognize the language, nor even the alphabet of this burning symbol. But I know, in my mind, exactly what this says. I wish I did not know.

I must have courage. I must open this frightful news. Before I do, let me say I am sorry to Station Management, and to the city of Night Vale. I have...betrayed your trust with my careless speech. If spared, I promise to never speak ill nor question the Dog Park again, but...for now, I will take myself to my punishment.

And I will take you to the weather.

["Little Black Star" by Hurray for the Riff Raff]

So...guess what? The envelope wasn't about the Dog Park at all. I fell to my knees, begging Station Management for forgiveness, but they silenced me immediately. They were simply letting me know that my vacation had finally been approved!

I was confused for a moment. I asked about the burning glyph on the outside of the envelope and what I thought it meant – which took some explaining, as I didn't know how to describe that particular horrifying experience in English. And they laughed, and said, "No, that glyph is just the ancient abbreviation for Human Resources. They're who approve the vacations around here."

Then they showed me the actual glyph that meant what I thought the other one meant, and I lost consciousness. I'm not sure for how long.

When I woke, I heard the whispered instructions from the woman in the coral!

And then I heard laughter. Station Management was...laughing! And I laughed, too! And then they stopped laughing, or...growling? Perhaps it was growling they were doing. It's very difficult to say what that noise is they make.

Oh. Wow. Yeah, I think it was growling.

Aw, now I'm super embarrassed about laughing.

Anyway, the worms. *Ahem* The worms have backed down, thanks to a flamethrower and fierce rhetoric by the City Council, resulting in some sick burns...both metaphorically and literally. The worms have left, sure to return for us again someday as all of nature eventually will.

Friends, listeners, all of Night Vale...I love you. Very much. But I need time away to be with Carlos. Yes.

And, also, some time to myself. To reflect. Also, I got a message from an old...colleague? Acquaintance? Nemesis? who lives there as well.

You know, I don't want to talk about it just yet.

Night Vale, we've had many great years together. And I won't be gone long, but...I've also grown...weary. Weary of some friends who are less than friends. Weary of fights that need not be fought. Weary of not being myself some of the time, which is something I strongly prefer to be all of the time. Weary, sometimes, of Night Vale itself, I think.

I'll be back. Whenever. Refreshed...you'll know when! It'll be when you hear my voice again!

Stay tuned next for...oh, I don't know! Anyway, time for a vacation!

Goodnight, Night Vale.

[Cecil can be heard taking off his headset]

Goodnight! Whoo-hoo!

67) [Best Of?] (1 May 2015)

Leonard Burton: The sun is actually cold! It's cold and empty, and all is lost.

Greetings from Night Vale!

While your regular host, Cecil Palmer, is on vacation, we continue to bring you some of the highlights of his uncountable years hear at Night Vale Community Radio – from lowly eager intern filing reports from the field, to his tenure behind the desk at the greatest community radio station in America.

Today I thought we'd start with a very special and rare clip, Cecil's first ever broadcast on our airwaves. Let's listen.

[Sound of a Fidelipac cartridge being started]

Cecil: Hi, it's Cecil! Oh, boy! Um, oh. Oh! I'm sorry, uh, let me try that again, and it'll be way more professional.

Hello, listeners! Intern Cecil Palmer here, reporting live for host Leonard Burton. I'm way excited!

I am standing in a vast stretch of desert in which no one has lived for hundreds of years. Neat, right? But it's not even the neatest, because some new folks have moved into the area recently. They look like they're from back east a ways. This isn't their land, but they're going to set up here anyway. They're saying, "This is ours" and pointing ludicrously at actual Earth, as though that were an ownable thing.

One of the arrivals, famous screen actor Lee Marvin, who just turned 30 today – Oh, hey! Happy birthday, Mr. Marvin! – said that they were immediately proceeding to found a town. A town they will call Night Vale. A home for themselves, complete with all the things a home needs: secrets, dread, omnipresent government, and areas that are forbidden!

He then donned a soft meat crown as the other newcomers bowed to him.

And now, the Community Calendar.

Monday through Sunday, this will be a barren stretch of desert, strewn with human debris shot out by a population explosion back east. These shiftless fellows will mope around and complain about the heat and lack of water. The shadows up on the hills will watch and watch, but will come no closer. Squinting, the newcomers will see the shadows in the hills and then they will squint further and further, until their eyes are closed. And then they will hum until their minds are empty, and sit dreaming until their dreams are clean, and they will never look at the hills again. They will cease to believe in hills at all. Elevation will become a laughable thing. The sky, a starry stranger. The ground, a barren friend. The cliff dwellings are empty now, but their scattered children are manifest, and filled with love and mirth and grief.

This has been the Community Calendar.

All right! Uh, back to you, Leonard! Oh, um, Mr. Burton, sir. Uh, thanks for giving me this opportunity.

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: What fantastical days those were! Everything old is wonderful. It's a shame anything had to change. I sure do dislike change. The sun has moved in the sky and I distrust it completely.

Here's another story Cecil reported as station intern. This is one of my favorites, a real turning point for our town, and for America and for the world, but also quite unfortunately for the outer galaxy warlords who wished to prolong the senseless Blood Space War.

[cartridge being started]

Cecil: Intern Cecil here, on the scene.

All I see is devastation. Devastation that once was mere existence. People and buildings reduced to holes in space and time. Gaps, both concrete and metaphorical. Losses that would be overwhelming if everything didn't already precede in a state of pre-loss, each thing defined in its existence by the nothing that will come after: devastation and ruins.

Streamers and balloons! So a happy big three-oh to immortal screen legend Lee Marvin, who is celebrating his special day by opening his seventh eye, and incinerating onlookers by the wailing hundreds with his holy light. Happy birthday, Mr. Marvin!

And now, the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

I recently took a fantastic trip to Europe. I don't have time right now, but one of these days I'll tell all of you listeners out there some of the funny stories from my European vacation. In the meantime, we're here about science, right? And from whom better to learn about science than a scientist, right?

Well, on my trip I met a very smart and...very handsome scientist. His name is Guillermo Marconi. He showed me all sorts of things, all sorts of things. All sorts.

But, he also showed me a new device he's working on called – get this – "radio." As unlikely as it seems, Marconi things that soon, shows just like this will be carried by invisible waves right to your ears. He showed me the blueprints for his invention – full of strange words like "receiver," and "transmitter," and "community radio," and "three commercial free hours of alternative music," – that are all part of how this strange new mechanism will function.

Who knows? Maybe one day I will see one of these "radios" for myself! Haha! Wow. Even the word sounds goofy.

This has been the Children's Fun Fact Science Corner.

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: Let's talk again about the good old days. Remember the 1930s? Or the "sparklingly clean 30s," as we once called them? When America was flush with cash, and people literally could not, would not, stop dancing with their hips and wearing sequined fringe.

It was a great time to roll up $100 bills and fill them with shredded up $20 bills and smoke them like cigars, just great.

I truly wish for stasis.

[cartridge being started]

Cecil: Intern – [sigh] still intern Cecil here. Big thanks, as always, to our host Leonard Burton in the booth, as he has been for what seems like a really long time.

Ooh! Not saying that it is a long time, uh, who knows what a long time is, even? Not me! But it just seems that way. That– that's all.

It's New Year's Eve, 1934. And here in Night Vale, as in towns all over this great country, we are celebrating with large swimming pools full of champagne. This is both fun and also practical, since we have way more champagne than we can drink or even safely store without the towering stacks of champagne crates threatening to tumble down onto our fragile bodies.

So, what better way of honoring the season than just dumping a ton of this stuff into a swimming pool and splashing around it it?

Turns out, it's not great for swimming in, what with the alcohol content and acidity. But, it's OK, because we have pool floats made from compacted caviar.

Everyone is here, and everyone is having a blast. Even little Josie Ortiz, young as she is, is getting in on the act, entertaining swimmers with simple magic tricks and minor prophecies. This is the best party Night Vale has had since last week's big blowout in honor of Lee Marvin's 30th birthday.

As I look out over the lush grassland and the verdant trees sagging with tropical fruit, an area that just a few years ago was flat empty desert forever, I feel the warmth inside, that American warmth that gives me great certainty. It will be this way from now to always. From now on, peace. From now on, prosperity. From now on, champagne swimming pools every New Year's.

America is taking flight, and hard working people are its wings.

Back to you as always, Leonard! Always. I genuinely can't remember a time you didn't have that job!

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: Of course, just a few years later, the trees and grassland were gone, the second war had hit Europe, and all of Night Vale came together to make explosive and devices to launch explosives. Nothing shows the beautiful perfection of human community like intercontinental weaponized combat. It was a better time then.

This as also Cecil's first ever broadcast as a full time host of this show.

[cartridge being started]

Cecil: Cry havoc, and let slip the hounds of war. Weep havoc. Squeeze grief like coal to diamonds, until it slides, crystalline and compact, down your reddened cheeks, and let slip those ugly useless hounds to do their ugly useless work.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. Here I am, as I thought I might never be, behind the studio microphone at Night Vale Community Radio.

Yes, top news tonight is that our beloved Leonard Burton has retired in order to spend more time trying to understand what a family is. And so I will, from now forward, take over as the voice of our little community. This is a proud day for me. And a proud day, I'm sure, for my mother, who has been hiding from me for decades now, but whose absence in many ways speaks to me more than words could.

With the big news out of the way, we go back to the usual day-to-day. There is, of course, a war in Europe and the Pacific, and all around the world. We ourselves have been attacked...or, not we, Night Vale is still fine. But people who share our same broad category, somewhere, they've been attacked. And that will not stand.

Night Vale is, of course, very tricky to leave, so no one has actually joined the Army or anything, but we are doing our part for America by buying war bonds, growing victory gardens, and chanting in blood stone circles.

Leading experts say that it is the indomitable American spirit, the fighting prowess of our soldiers in the field, and mostly chanting in blood stone circles that will win this war. Like those famous Rosie the Riveter posters all over town say, "Get chanting in blood stone circles double-time, or me and the rest of the riveters will come at you with rivet guns. You ever have someone come at you with a rivet gun? Well, bud, you don't want that. Trust me."

Inspiring words in difficult times.

But when the turbulent events of the past few years have you down, just remember your friend Cecil, behind the mic and talking you through it from this day forward.

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: Huh. Uh, while that clip was playing I found a few Fidelipac cartridges that look pretty old. I don't remember pulling these for today's Best Of show. Let's see what the first one is. It's marked "The end?" (question mark).

[cartridge being started]

Cecil: Nulogorsk, our Russian sister city, is gone. The people of Nulogorsk, our friends, they are gone too.

Since then, the sky has been hot with death. So much fuel for so many rockets burning away at once, it makes the fall air seem a little warmer, even down here. Not to mention that final sizzle at the end of each.

Blooms of death all over the world, hot and final.

I speak to you for as long as I can from a world ending.

1983: our final year. I suppose as good a year as any.

Josie Ortiz, once young, now middle aged, will never go on to be the old woman she could have become.

Lee Marvin, famed screen actor, will die having just turned 30, never to see another year pass.

And I? I will go, too. Amidst a screaming of sirens that warn without helping, that make a show of protecting without protecting at all. I will never meet that someone. That someone who could have given my life depth and meaning, who could have been my other. I will only ever sit here, only have ever sat here, behind this microphone, until I am not ever, ever, again.

Goodnight, from a world ending, Night Va– By all accounts, this is looking to be a good year! At least as good as 1983 has been!

Josie Ortiz would like me to remind everyone that this Thursday, she is holding a benefit for the Old Opera House. It will be a lavish evening, with everything you would expect from a fancy night out, like a salad bar. Tickets are $100 and are not for sale to the likes of you.

In other news: Simone Rigadeau, professor of Earth Sciences at the Night Vale Community College, says that her reality has split, that she is experiencing another history happening now. A history in which all of this ends.

She is shutting down the Earth Sciences program in order to devote herself fully to understanding what has happened to her shattered mind, and this ended – but yet also not ended – world.

Well, best of luck in your new career, Simone!

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: Oh yes, those were glorious days! These days, the world seems to never be ending for some and not others. The world is a worse place now than it ever was before, but far better than it ever will be again. The past is always better than the present, and the future is the worst of all.

This next cartridge is marked "Weather." Let's see what's on it.

[cartridge being started]

["When Can I Say That I Love You" by Kyle Fleming]

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: And I have one last clip here, there's a piece of duct tape on the plastic casing in which someone has written a thick, shaky "NO!" so let's play that.

[cartridge being started]

Cecil: Listeners, oh listeners, I...I come to you with sad news. I– I think you know the news. I– I– I think we all saw what happened.

To the family and friends of former Night Vale Community Radio host Leonard Burton, I extend my deepest sympathies. Not that my sympathies will do you any good.

For what Leonard experienced is something that no human, no sentient being, should ever have to experience. The blood! Those stains on the broken asphalt. The skin or...I think that was skin? But then, all those bits that were clearly not skin, of course, and then all the more blood of course, and then the wretched sound of the pulling, and the single awful snap.

We will all remember the sound of the snap forever.

There is more, but I cannot. Ugh. There is more, but I won't.

And the fingernails. Of course. Of course, the fingernails.

I mourn Leonard Burton with all my heart, and my liver, and kidneys, with the bones of my toes and with my belly button, I mourn him with my armpit, and neck sweat, every part of me. Every facet. The physical of me. I mourn him with these.

Leonard gave me my start. He took a chance on me. He gave me the life I have, and now he doesn't have life. It is an equation with a mis-written number. Nothing can be solved. It is an error.

The City Council warned that the mess left from Leonard Burton's death is likely to draw Street Cleaners, and that we should all take shelter. Cover your mirrors, shade your eyes, stay indoors, and mourn.

Stay indoors, and mourn.

Leonard's death, and my barely-contained grief have been brought to you today by Shasta Cola.

Shasta Cola: same great taste, low, low price.

*Ahem*

And now, moving forward as best we can to political news, of course the focus now is on the big debate about president Clinton. Who is he? Uh, what's a president? How did this strange news from the outside world reach our little desert hamlet?

For that, let's bring in senior political analyst, Lee Marvin, who...oh! Look what day it is! This is your 30th birthday!

[cartridge being stopped]

Leonard: I... uhh...

Listeners, have you ever forgotten where you put your keys? You were certain they were on the mantel but they were not? Have you ever missed an appointment because you were sure it was on Wednesday at noon, not Tuesday at ten? Have you ever remembered a life you did not lead? Has a carefully collated series of words ever made you uncertain? Unconfident? Or un, just un? Un, as an adjective unto itself?

I did not remember that story at all. I do not like that story. That is a bad story. It was a better day earlier, back when I hadn't heard that story. This present, this now is no good. No good at all!

Stay tuned next for less of the best and more of the same. It's been a pleasure to fill in this week, in my old job, Night Vale. Cecil will be back soon.

Until then, this has been Leonard Burton.

And as always, see ya, Night Vale. See ya.

[After about 30 seconds of post-proverb music, the cartridge being stopped]

68) Faceless Old Women (15 May 2015)

Get the body you've always wanted. We know where it's buried, and can lend you a shovel.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. I'm back from vacation, and I'm feeling great! I, of course, miss being with Carlos in that desert otherworld, and miss having so much time to relax with my boyfriend, but – as with any vacation – it always feels good to come home.

We had such a delightful time. Carlos and the masked army of nomadic giants that inhabit that place have managed to build a little paradise there. There's now a roller coaster, and an ice cream parlor, and a beach resort hotel and spa! Unfortunately, they don't have operators for the roller coaster, nor any milk for making ice cream, nor any water along the beach resort. So, most of those things just sit empty.

Except for the roller coaster, which is constantly running, and filled with the same people who got on it over two months ago, unable to stop because no one knew how to build a brake system. There were terrified screams Dopplering up and down the otherwise quiet nights. Those people are just having the time of the rest of their lives!

More on my trip later, but first, some breaking news.

The Sheriff's Secret Police just announced that they have captured the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home. The Faceless Old Woman is one of two fugitives the Secret Police have been tracking for the past few months. She, and literal five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels, are wanted in connection with a series of attacks on mayor Dana Cardinal at City Hall.

A Secret Police spokesdeer made today's big announcement by writing it in dirt with its hoof. The announcement began a couple of hours ago, but we're just now getting to the good stuff. And reporters have grown impatient with the spokesdeer, who can only scratch one or two words at a time, and then has to erase them before continuing with the next words.

The press conference turned ugly, as a couple of reporters shouted "Speak English!" at the deer. But then, a couple more shouted, "По-Русски!" and the spokesdeer, looking relieved, began speaking in fluent Russian – which flummoxed those reporters who only spoke English, despite their adamant demands that others develop a mastery of multiple languages.

But the big news is that they captured a dangerous fugitive, which is so shocking because, to my knowledge, no one has ever seen the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home – because she lives there secretly. Of course, without a face, I imagine it would be simultaneously easy and difficult to identify her.

More on this story as it develops.

OK. So. Back to our vacation.

Carlos showed me the apartment he built using his scientific knowledge of physical materials and spatial relations. It was a cute little one-bedroom on the side of a low craggy mountain.

Yeah, I know, I could hardly believe it! A mountain, right?

We took turns making each other breakfast whenever we thought it was morning. Carlos cooks a delicious vegan omelette using thick fillets of ginger root for the eggs, and filling it with dried cranberries and capers.

I'm not a great cook, but I make excellent coffee. I generally don't let Carlos make the coffee because I have a specific way I like to make it using a coffee hammer and angry chanting. I like my coffee like I like my nights: dark, endless, and impossible to sleep through.

After a week's stay-cation in Carlos' apartment, we went with the giant masked warrior Alisha on several hiking trails around the desert canyons. Carlos and Alisha showed me the brilliant array of flora that grows in that desert otherworld. While the desert around Night Vale is mostly red and brown dust, with a smattering of white and brown rocks, topped with gray and brown brush, the canyons of the desert otherworld are flush with rich brush of charcoal and tan, rocks the color of snow and leather, and dust that was striped in shades of sunset and mahogany.

And there were mysterious lights in the sky. Just like here in Night Vale. We could not understand the lights, but we understood our lack of understanding. Which is all most understanding is.

Some mornings, Alisha and Doug and the other giant masked warriors would see other masked armies, and they would head off to war, gone for days at a time, only to return bloodied – and fewer in number. Carlos and I didn't mind, because it gave us more time to ourselves.

Oh! More about our vacation later, but there's some news, or something.

An update on today's arrest of the Faceless Old Woman:

Several residents across Night Vale are reporting vandalism inside their homes. Old Town residents Christopher Brady and Stewart Robinson report their living room walls were covered in writing that reads, "You talked! I see you, and I cannot hate you, but I cannot forgive you." The text seems to have been written with hand-smeared mayonnaise.

Also, all of the toes were cut out of their dress socks.

Said Robinson of the damage, "I think it's because I reported to the Sheriff that the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Our Home was secretly living in our home. I regret this now."

Brady added, "I told you not to do that, Stewart!"

Robinson then replied, head in his hands, "I know, Chris. You were right! You're always right."

"You should have listened to Christopher," came a cold whisper over their shoulders.

Stay tuned here as we bring you more news of today's arrest.

And now, it's time for another edition of my popular advice segment, "Hey There, Cecil." Let's get to your questions.

"Hey there, Cecil! I date a lot of people, but never for very long. I find that while I sometimes say ‘I love you' to my girlfriend or boyfriend at the time, I don't think I have ever meant it. How do you know if you're in love?" Signed, Loveless in the Barista District.

Hey there, Loveless. I think when you're truly in love, you'll know it. But you have to be in the right place with yourself to find that love. As my mother used to tell me, "you can't learn to love others until you learn that others are fiction, and that self is unreliable."

Next question.

"Hey there, Cecil. My husband and I regularly host dinner parties for our neighbors, and vice versa. When our neighbors come over to the house, they never take off their shoes. I, personally, don't have a problem with that, but my husband thinks it's rude. What's your take?" Signed, Unshod in Old Town.

Hey there, Unshod. Whoo! This is, uh, pretty clear cut to me. It is customary, when you enter a person's home, that you must always remove your shoes. Then you must remove their shoes. You must hold that person down, take their shoes – just get their shoes off! This is standard etiquette.

We've got time for one more question.

"Hey there, Cecil. Do you know the tower? The one that casts no shadow? It also sounds like an un-tuned cello? Do you know the one? Smells like sulfur? Well, it's glowing now." Signed, Malevolent in Mission Grove Park.

Hey there, Malevolent. You know as well as I do, that tower was destroyed a century ago. Never write me again!

[Whispered:] Please write me again!

Old Woman Josie and her friends, who are not angels – just a bunch of really tall people with wings named Erika whom we cannot bear to look directly at – said that the New Old Night Vale Opera House was coming along nicely. Although I drove past the construction site the other day, and it's still a mostly empty lot. The only difference is that they changed the sign from "Josefina Contractors, Inc." to "Strexcorp Operatics, Ltd."

Also, there's a giant opera house there.

But, other than that, it still looks nearly the same as when they broke ground months ago.

Opening night of the New Old Opera House will be June 15th, and will feature the world premiere of an original opera by the famous actor and composer, Lee Marvin – Night Vale's own immortal legend of stage and screen.

Still no word on what an opera is. Uh, I'm being told it's like a petting zoo, but with fewer starving wolves. And more intermissions.

Breaking news from City Hall as the Sheriff's Secret Police say they have now arrested more than a dozen Faceless Old Women. The spokesdeer, still speaking in Russian for the Russian-speaking press, while also writing English words in the dirt for the embittered English-speaking press, say that the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home seems to be several bodies connected to a single sentience.

She seems not to be omnipresent at all; merely multi-present. The Secret Police spokesdeer then laughed in Russian, while writing "hehehe" in English in the dirt.

Faceless Old Woman [a very faint whisper]: You're betraying me, Cecil.

Cecil: Oh! Oh dear, that's– that– that's simply not true! I– OK.

[Wet chewing sound fades in]

Now there's a...very long insect...crawling into my ear. Um...it's all th– it's all the way in my ear now! Um, I am not OK with this, Faceless Old Woman!

Faceless Old Woman?

Ah! Aah!

Listeners, hang on while I get this silverfish out of my ear canal.

[Cecil sighs, then there are sounds of a struggle and several gunshots, then a whining sound like an injured dog]

OK. OK. Um, so...traffic.

[Cecil continues to sound distressed as he speaks]

Um, it looks pretty bad out there. We've got a jackknifed 18-wheeler on the shoulder of westbound Route 800 near Exit 4, causing serious delays, and the bus depot on Somerset, um...a fire hydrant was cracked open, and now space and time have colla–

OK, I'm sorry, listeners, I...I'm taking my headphones off. I'm– I'm having a hard time hearing myself. I think the Faceless Old Woman really did damage to my ear! Anyway, traffic's awful, of course. Always is. Don't drive on Somerset unless you want all of your matter collapsing into a singularity.

Ugh, r– r– really glad to be home. Great homecoming!

An update now on the multiple arrests of the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home: apparently they've managed to find 15 more versions of her in homes all over town. But, according to the spokesdeer, the Secret Police are running out of room in the jails.

Also, even at the homes where they have arrested these Faceless Old Women, there are still reported cases of vandalism, and whispers, and suggested violence, and sudden but inscrutable movements in the corners of vision. In fact, these reporters are happening even in homes where an arrest of the Faceless Old Woman had already been made.

Many city buildings, especially the Secret Police's Secret Police Station, hidden in a hover cloud, have received quite a bit of damage: bird parts in filing cabinets, bullets replaced with worms, badges reading "Rotted Meat" instead of "Secret Police."

Mayor Dana Cardinal has called on the police to temporarily cease their crackdown on the Faceless Old Woman. The mayor claims she's been terrorized by falling televisions and window-mounted A.C. units, as well as all of the carpet in her City Hall office being replaced by dark, heaving fur, as if the floor were now the back of some terrible beast.

Listeners, I'm not falling for this bit again! Mayor Cardinal, once my friend, has abused my good nature too much. She bought me at an auction, and has since been using me against my will to rescue her from danger.

Well, she's just going to have to figure it out on her own this time.

Faceless Old Woman [another barely-audible whisper]: I'm here, Cecil. Shh.

[The sound of the silverfish can again be heard]

Ow! Gr– gross! Stop it, Faceless Old Woman, stop it!

Weather. Let's go to the weather.

["Matches" by Sifu Hotman]

Well. I have cotton swabs in both ears now, listeners, and am more than a little bit irritated. But on with the news.

The Secret Police just retracted their earlier reports that they had captured the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home. They thought they had been arresting several corporeal forms of her across town, but in actuality they had just been arresting a bunch of faceless old women who openly live in their own homes. It seems, in retrospect, that the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, still secretly lives in your home, and has never stopped vandalizing your home in protest of these arrests of innocent women.

These faceless old women are now filing a civil suit against the Sheriff's Secret Police for unfair profiling practices against elderly women who happen to have no faces.

And the Sheriff just issued the following public apology:

"Non-specifically, my bad!" said the Sheriff from his hover office in the clouds.

"In general, really sorry about all kinds of things. We're cool now, right?" the Sheriff added before dissipating into tiny crystalline droplets, which fell gently, a silver moment to the hardened earth below.

Maybe I did speak too soon about being happy to be back home.

Oh. While I was reporting the weather, I received this voicemail from Carlos:

Carlos: Hi, babe! I heard you were apparently off saving the mayor again just now. I'm sorry I missed you.

So...I wanted to ask...eh– I– I was so afraid to ask while you were here because I didn't want to complicate our peaceful vacation with difficult choices, but...uh, here goes.

Cecil, remember that building? The simple rectangular building with the tall, pointed top and covered entirely in a tarp? You asked several times what that tarp was covering and I said I didn't want to say...yet.

And you remember the familiar-seeming man wearing dark sunglasses with what looked like blood stains on his shirt but I assured you was just barbecue sauce?

Well, he built that building under the tarp! Cecil, it's a radio station! Kevin built a radio station! He doesn't seem to be planning anything evil. In fact, he seems pretty relaxed and friendly these days! He built it for anyone who wants to broadcast or listen to broadcasts.

And, it got me thinking, and I– I– I– I mean– you don't have to decide now. And– and– you don't– you don't even have to decide yes at all, but...but– but– but– but would you ever think about...I– would you– would you ever consider...

Ugh!

This is tough to ask on voicemail.

Just call me, okay? Call me when you're off the air. I love you.

Cecil: Yes. Yes, I would, Carlos. I think I really would.

It was so serene there. So lovely.

Okay.

Private thoughts done, uh, let's turn my microphone back on now.

Well, listeners, I wonder what Carlos might be trying to ask me? I mean, it's probably nothing, and...even if it was something, I don't think I would move away or anything. Hehe...move away? No one said anything about moving away! Who moves away?

I have to stick around a bit, anyway, because my sister and brother-in-law are going out of town for a couple of weeks and need me to look after my niece Janice. I don't want to disappoint Janice! I mean, how could I disappoint Janice? By moving away?

Why do you keep saying that? Who's moving away? Not me!

So, I'll be sure to stay very focused on being a good uncle and guardian. Plus, apparently the mayor needs me around to save her all the time. Hate to leave that behind.

Stay tuned next for the sound of folding cardboard and long strips of tape.

And to all of the faceless old women, living secretly or living otherwise: fight the good fight. Just...leave me out of it. OK?

Yeah, these cotton balls are already soaked.

And, to everyone else:

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

69) Fashion Week (1 June 2015)

But don't you see? You never needed anything else. The weird was within you the whole time.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello listeners. Later, News, capital N. But forget about that. First news, lower case N.

It's Fashion Week in Night Vale, that exciting time of year in which we all get to decide what is fashionable and what is not. To use the charming colloquialism, we decide what is "in the Sphere" and what is "spared from the Sphere". This is Night Vale's hippest event, and everyone is there, because it is required by law. So everyone is there, and scared, and it is hip as heck.

Michelle Nguyen is the only one who doesn't look scared. This is her favorite holiday, and she is wearing a vintage summoning cloak and a dog catcher's cap, and has two tiny neon signs attached to her face indicating her eyes. She is the most fashionable person in town, and certain to be spared from the Sphere.

Others are less lucky. Town clerk, Veronica Rothschild, is running around saying "oh no, oh no", and adjusting her unfashionably distressed eyeglasses, casting glances backward at the Sphere which is moving implacably to devour the unhip and absorb the outdated. Soon she will stumble, and then the Sphere will be upon her. It's like that popular joke: why did the hipster burn her mouth? Because she survived the Sphere and was able to eat her pizza before it was cool. And sure enough, Michelle Nguyen, pizza in hand, is cackling madly watching the chaos and listening intently to headphones that are plugged into nothing at all.

The Sheriff's Secret Police are seeking any leads or witnesses in the case of the disappearances at the housing development of the Shambling Orphan. Over the last several weeks, at least twelve people have vanished without a trace. Except for our memories of their previous existence which, according to a roving gang of pedantic philosophers, who has been interrupting Secret Police press conferences, does in fact count as a trace. "Memories are as real as any of our constructed experiences of the world," said one philosopher, without invitation, interrupting important information about the missing persons. "I bet you think reality is a thing," he continued, much to the delight of his fellow philosophers, and not a single other person in attendance.

The philosophers were last seen high-fiving each other while drinking cheap, but locally made canned beer. The missing persons were last seen at home, and on the street, about town, about their lives, just normally living, until suddenly and unaccountably, they no longer were seen anywhere at all. Residents of the Shambling Orphan and the nearby development, the Desert Pines, express mild concern over their strong fears about their abject terror.

More on the story as we grasp at narrative threads that can assuage our helplessness in the face of inexplicable tragedy.

Listeners, last week I had my niece Janice over while her parents were taking a romantic long weekend in the kingdom of the Deros, deep within the hollow earth. Which is of course easily accessed by ordering any item from the Arby's market fresh menu. Yeah, it was really nice to get some time alone with Janice. She's getting older, you know, and is moving from a child, which is something of an abstract concept, to a person with adult ideas and thoughts and feelings, a human being who you can relate to and with, which is also an abstract concept. We talked, and watched movies. She let me put on Cat Ballou five times in a row, because that was Carlos and I's movie night thing and I had been missing that. We ate popcorn. I asked her about any girls or boys she might be interested in, and she diverted me politely but awkwardly to other subjects. I let her. It's not for me to pry, that's the government's job. And if I'm ever curious, I can look at the public registry of middle school crushes, which is constantly being updated via mind scanning satellite.

Janice gave me a feeling of family. I rarely feel anymore. Eh, it was a good feeling. I hope I will be able to visit Janice regularly.

In an earlier program, we brought you this week's Community Calendar. However, it appears that there were a few errors in our reporting, so we would like to offer some corrections to our previous calendar.

Monday we said was free hot chocolate day at the Moonlite All-Nite Diner. In actuality, Monday will be the day that a great craft crashes down from the heavens, and we all will surround the ominous bulk of it, still glowing hot and smoking from the impact, whispering and wondering, helpless to act.

Tuesday we said was sign-up day for the Night Vale adult kickball league in Mission Grove Park. We were right about an event taking place in the park, but it appears that this event will instead be a creature emerging from the craft, towering over us and, in a language we should not understand and yet, and yet we do understand, demanding that we worship it.

Wednesday we described as being just a nice day to go outside and take a walk. Just a really nice day for it, we said. Stretch those gams, we said. We said the word "gams" over and over, seemingly unable to say anything else. As it turns out, Wednesday is actually the day we will stage a brief but ultimately unsuccessful resistance against the horde of slimy, many-appendaged alien warriors pouring out from the landing craft.

Thursday we said would be the day that beings from another world fully defeat us. And we will line the roads and avenues on our knees, heads bowed in recognition of our new masters, our new gods. Turns out we were 100 per cent right on that one, so we didn't completely get the week schedule wrong.

Friday we said would be the day that your citizen renewal packets are due, you know, the reams and reams of paperwork probing every personal detail that you have to fill out in order to remain a citizen of Night Vale. Well, it's still the day to do that, but instead of turning it in to the City Council, who will at that point be locked in a hyperdimensional prison by the occupying extraterrestrials, you will instead turn it in to the supervisor of your assigned human pod, so that they can gauge how much energy can be extracted from your body.

Saturday we said was Caturday. We didn't mean anything by this, we just thought it would be funny. People didn't find it funny. They wrote and called the station, demanding an explanation. Janis Rio from down the street seemed especially disturbed. "What do you mean it's Caturday? Will we be attacked by giant cats? Will the giant cats build huge black cubes all over town? Will I be forced to enter a strange black cube that will absorb my essence until there's nothing left of me? I am allergic to cats!" Janis cried.

Well no, Janis, and I'm sorry for causing a panic. Saturday will actually be the day the invading aliens start feeding on us, so don't worry, no cats that day. Caturday is just a fun day to say. Caturday!

And Sunday, well, we were right about Sunday, so there you go. Just as we said, Sunday will be the day that Tamika Flynn and the beings who claim to be angels team up to lead a dramatic attack against the occupying force with the help of every Night Vale citizen, driving away our new masters and reinstating our old masters, who are brutal and awful, but who at least are a brutal and awful we know and understand.

This has been Corrections. Or, the Community Calendar. Um, Community Corrections? I don't know. This has been what it was.

Fashion Week continues, and the Sphere is huge and pulsing. Everyone is screaming and running and looking just as fashionable as they ever have in their soon-to-be-ended lives. Director of emergency press conferences, Pamela Winchell, is ostentatiously using decorated cigarette holders of ludicrous length, despite the fact that she does not actually smoke. She's not holding them delicately between her first two fingers, but instead gripping hundreds of cigarette holders in her fist, like a quiver of arrows. "See how hip," she is saying in a booming voice, levitating quite fashionably three feet off the ground. "See how absolutely of the time I am!" The Sphere hums next to her for a moment, and then rolls by, leaving her be. So it seems like this year, holding a quiver of cigarette holders is very "spared from the Sphere" indeed.

Good survival tip there.

Old Woman Josie, speaking from the headquarters of Strex Operatic Limited, said that the New Old Night Vale Opera House is complete, and that rehearsals are under full swing for opening night, on June 15, of a brand new opera written, composed, directed, by and starring legendary screen actor Lee Marvin, who will also form the entirety of the cast and will be selling concessions during intermission. Josie said that Night Vale citizens should expect some of the usual disruptions resulting from rehearsal of any kind of live performance. Namely, stop and go traffic in a several block radius around thetheater, a wake of buzzards circling over the city, and a slight uptick in the number of patients at the emergency room.

So it sounds like this opera, whatever opera means and whatever it is, will be a blast!

And now, Traffic.

A man came and went. He was here before and now isn't. How briefly the moment of is before the endless was. He was not a serious man, but then this is not a serious life. We all heard him speak, did we not? We still do. He is speaking still, even though he is not anything else at all. How comforting the continuation of communication past that point. He was our tour guide through the cosmos, he would say, and then apologize for saying it. He was not a serious man. But then, this is not a serious life. A man came and went. He was here before, and now isn't. We miss him.

This has been Traffic.

The Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home made a public statement that she will not wait any longer. She will destroy Mayor Dana Cardinal once and for all, and claim the mayorship for herself. In her statement, which was stitched into the inside lining of my jacket this morning, she said: "You want opera? You want grand performance? On opening night, you will see a spectacle indeed. A spectacle indeed."

Meanwhile, still no word from Hiram McDaniels, the literal five-headed dragon and the Faceless Old Woman's previous partner in crime. According to local normal citizen, Frank Chen, Hiram left town weeks ago and won't be seen around here again. Frank's other four heads agreed, except the purple head, which had a bag over it and was mumbling, "Please don't include me in your foolish schemes ever again! If it were up to me, things would be very different! Things are different every time it is up to me!"

The other heads hushed the head with the bag over it and reiterated that they are just a regular guy, like you or me or anyone else who identifies as a regular guy, with things like a pick-up and pieces of denim clothing, and enjoyment of certain types of music, and being completely wingless, despite how powerless this must feel.

Oh, hear that? Listeners, the time has come. The Sphere has arrived at the station. It hums, looming; it considers, humming; it looms, the Sphere will decide whether the station and the souls within it are hip enough to be spared. I tell you now that I... did not prepare for the Sphere. It's not that I forgot, i-it is that I do not care, and I'm not afraid. I don't know. I wear leather pants and a Hawaiian shirt and a baseball hat made of honeycomb. I just wore the same thing I slept in last night. If I get ingested by a fashion-conscious Sphere for wearing comfy casual clothes, then that'll just be what happened to me. I don't write the story of my life, I only live it.

So, while the Sphere does whatever it will do next, I take you all - well, all of you hip enough to still remain, to the weather.

[ "Evelyn" by Kim Tillman & Silent Films (thekimtillman.com & silent films) ]

Back from the weather, still here! The Sphere moved on and is now out in the scrublands and sand wastes, deciding which cacti and cottontail rabbits are of the now, and which must be assimilated into the pulsating dark innards of the Sphere.

Of course, radio is always hip! Radio is timeless! Community radio exists outside of time and space and so is the most fashionable thing of all. Of course. We all know this. So it's good that our station was spared and that I will continue doing radio for the foreseeable future.

I'm not stopping radio broadcasting. I won't be doing it here, but I'll be continuing to do it. Right.

So I guess it's time then. Um, at the start of all this, I promised News, capital N. Here is the News.

My next broadcast as host of Night Vale Community Radio - will be my last, in Night Vale. I am moving to the Desert Otherworld to spend more time with sweet, talented Carlos and the community he has built out there in that vast, sandy alternate dimension. There is a radio station there built by Kevin, who.. seems to have himself pretty under control, and his studio only has a little bit of blood, so I should be able to continue doing what I'm doing just fine. I won't be doing it in a way that you will be able to hear. But that, too, is just fine.

I've missed Carlos greatly, and I've also grown weary of a mayor that can't protect herself, of a town that fears outsiders. Of a Faceless Old Woman who secretly lives in my home and publicly wants to do me harm. And I think of a Desert Otherworld where it's always sunny, and mountains are real. There is a helpful masked army that can build anything, and your cell phone battery never dies, even if reception is 4G at best.

There is the question: is Night Vale worth it? Is Night Vale good? Is it a good town?

Well... I will, for the first time in my long life, live somewhere other than Night Vale. But, as a poet once said, "no matter where you end up, you're still from your home town."

I'll be back to visit from time to time, of course. I need to see Janice and my old friend Josie, and many others besides. I am not gone, but I am going. I'm going to live somewhere I can feel good about, somewhere newer and better for me.

[sighs] Stay tuned next, eventually, for me reporting on the opening of the Opera House, and then not reporting on anything else here, ever again.

Penultimately, good night, Night Vale. Good night.

70A) Taking Off (15 June 2015)

Kevin: We all have to start somewhere. We all have to end somewhere, too, but let's concentrate on the other thing.

Welcome to...well, hmm. Welcome to the Desert Otherworld.

We should come up with a better name for this place. Names are, after all, extremely important.

Hi, I'm your radio host Kevin. I'm speaking to you from our brand new station! And this is our inaugural broadcast. I'm so excited to be back on the air! I'm not sure we have any listeners yet, but we will. We will!

Later in the show, we'll be talking to Doug and Alisha, leaders of the army of masked giants who roam this desert, and who have been instrumental in building our new city. They've been so welcoming to us outsiders! Not all outsiders, though. They are, after all, a violent and territorial army. But some outsiders. People like me and like my friend Carlos. He's a scientist. He's a beautiful man who does beautiful things.

I have Carlos on the phone with us right now with some breaking news. Carlos! Tell everyone about the huge project you've been working on this past year.

Carlos: Hi, Kevin! Thanks for having me on the show.

So, first off, Doug and Alisha are here in my kitchen. Alisha built a refrigerator from some cactus pads, twine, and three different kinds of birds, and now they're making a bunch of pasta salad for lunch this week! They'll save some for you if you'd like.

Kevin: How delightful! I'm...totally disgusted by pasta salad. Can't stand the taste or the smell. In fact, to look at it causes me to heave. But thank you, that's so kind!

Carlos: ...Right.

So, this new experiment – and I have to tell you, I am really excited about it. You know how our cell phones always work in this desert otherworld, even though there are no towers, and how they never seem to run out of battery?

Kevin: Yes! I love taking these facts for granted!

Carlos: Well, I'm on the verge of uncovering what's causing that. Here in my laboratory, which Doug and Alisha and one of the other soldiers whose name is [ten seconds of guttural throat noise] built for me, I've been hard at work pacing about in front of a row of conical flasks, beakers, and Y-tubes, furiously writing Greek letters and Arabic numbers and I think, later today, I will make an enormous breakthrough.

Kevin: What did you find out?

Carlos: I can't say yet. I'm just waiting on my computer to finish calculating the–

Kevin: ...Everything okay?

Carlos: I don't know. Alisha and Doug look really agitated. They're jumping up and down by the window. The other giant soldiers are running into formation outside. I need to see what's wrong.

Kevin: While Carlos checks on our favorite soldiers, let's get an update now on the roller coaster inhabitants!

I'm referring to the roller coaster Doug and Alisha built for our new town months ago. It looks terribly fun! It has a tall first hill, and a 90º drop off that is almost 600 feet, I'm told, and then, it goes into a series of loops and turns and figure 8s and then some spirals, where the riders go upside down several times! Per second! And then, there's a sheet of flames that, as you approach, it looks like you're about to go right through the fire, but at the last second, the track spirals again and you go through the fire upside down!

Ohh! Anyway, it's an exciting-looking ride. I haven't been on it yet. That's because after they started it on its first trip, they haven't been able to stop it. They didn't invent brakes, so...that's an issue!

And even though they cut the power to the ride, it's still going, with the same passengers, caught in an interminable cycle of fun!

Ohh! We have Carlos back on the line again! Carlos?

Carlos: Doug and Alisha are gone. It turns out that the commotion was over another army marching along the horizon. Doug and Alisha ran screaming around the house and through the kitchen, overturning my cutting board and grabbing their weapons. Alisha took my chef's knife, and Doug made a makeshift slughorn out of one of my large funnels so that he could call their army to action.

Kevin: Good for them, protecting our community!

Carlos: No, but...I– I– I was trying to explain that the other army was marching perpendicular to us, they were not marching towards us. This desert is filled with small armies, always marching in different directions. We– we can't attack them all for no reason!

And now my kitchen counter is demolished.

Kevin: Oh, it'll grow back.

So? I'm so excited to learn more about your research into the strange properties of this region. I think you once called this desert otherworld "the most scientifically interesting community in the U.S."

Carlos: Well...no, my exact words were–

Kevin: So...when do you expect the results? Sounds like whatever you come up with could possibly be a monumental shift in how we perceive thermodynamic laws.

Carlos: Well, I'm at my lab right now, hunched over my computer, waiting for it to complete its final report, then comparing its results to my thousands of hand-written notes from the past year. I believe I can pinpoint the exact source of this desert's energy. It shouldn't be long. Please don't rush me.

Kevin: Great! Let us know soon, though!

While Carlos does that, perhaps I can tell you all a little bit about our new radio station. Take you on an audio tour, if you will.

We have a tall broadcast tower made of stones and adobe. Those zig-zaggy electrical bolts visibly shooting outward from the top of the tower? Those are actual radio waves!

Inside the building itself, we have a small broadcast booth with a couple of new mics. Some of the members of the masked army of giants helped me decorate my studio, too! It was so empty and bloodless before. It required a lot of lizards and rodents, but...it's finally starting to feel like home!

I've got a producer's booth just off to my right. I can see my old intern Vanessa in there, hi Vanessa!! We're a bit understaffed, so Vanessa has been having to act as my producer as well as head of sales and marketing, and even answering phones! Good thing she has a doppelgänger to help out. Most people kill their double, but...that's such a waste of a good opportunity! The more the merrier, the more productive, I say!

Oh! And we're hiring right now! If you have experience in any of the following areas: ad sales, graphic design, office management, entomology, Fortran programming, falconry, or sports law, please send your resume to Radio Station, Care of Kevin.

We have no postal service in the desert otherworld, nor any mailboxes, so it's important that you carefully re-read The Secret by Rhonda Byrne in order to wish your resume into my office.

Sounds like Carlos is back on the line now! Did you get the results from your...

Carlos: Doug and Alisha are back.

Kevin: Oh, good! So wonderful to have dear friends around to be a part of your brilliant achievement.

Carlos: Yeah, but they're in no condition to celebrate the great strides of scientific study right now. Most of the army returned from fighting, but there are more than a dozen who did not. Alisha lost two fingers, and Doug is bleeding quite badly because of a compound fracture in his forearm. Everyone who returned is in treatable condition. I believe they'll be fine. But they're wounded, and need lots of rest.

[Carlos' voice turns away from the phone] And no more fighting for a long time!

[Carlos again speaks directly into the phone] It's a mess over here.

Kevin: Good thing they have such a good and helpful friend in you.

So, tell us about your study on the strange energy here in the desert.

Carlos: Ugh. I– I c– I can't yet. The army came in so quickly, dropping their weapons everywhere, along with some detached limbs that I don't even think belong to them, and all of my journals, which I had left out and open on my desk, have been rendered unusable. There are broken beakers and blood-soaked composition notebooks everywhere. I don't even know where to begin cleaning up all of this blood!

Kevin, faintly: Ohhh. Ohhh!

Carlos: I'm sorry, did you just say something?

Kevin: Nnnnnnnnnno? I...just...like your story. Carry on.

Carlos: [Carlos' voice turns away from the phone] Doug? Doug? Come back!

[Carlos again speaks directly into the phone] Kevin, I have to go. Doug just constructed a makeshift splint out of rocks and snakes. He just grabbed his axe and ran out the back door.

Ugh. And there goes Alisha.

[Carlos' voice turns away from the phone] Stop going to war! You need rest!

[Carlos again speaks directly into the phone] Call you back, Kevin. They can't go on like this.

Kevin: Oh, listeners, I'm getting word of strong winds out of the east, stirring up dust devils and hurling plant debris and weak-willed animals through the air. This is a rare sunless day for our otherworld desert.

While Carlos tries to get his notes un-bloodied, let's have a closer look at the weather.

["Pyramid" by Jason Webley]

Kevin: Wow! That weather report was informative! I had no idea how dangerous a storm that was until I heard that report.

To be a radio broadcaster who gets to tell stories about things that make us unhappy thrills me to my bones! Because by telling people about all that can make us unhappy, I prepare them to truly enjoy those happy moments when they come.

Once, my hometown of Desert Bluffs had a deadly outbreak of throat spiders. Hundreds were diagnosed with this usually-treatable disease, but it was a particularly virulent strain, and many people died, or were left without voices and lower jaws when it was all over. Almost a day wouldn't go by where you didn't hear a fit of strenuous coughing, punctuated by a muffled *pop* only to turn around and see a cascade of tiny spiders pouring over the craggy ledge that used to be a person's lower teeth.

Each day I got to report these upsetting stories, but the best part about it was when Desert Bluffs residents eventually stopped losing part of their faces to throat spiders, and we all rejoiced in our newly-healthy and happy lives.

As the saying goes, "it's always dawn."

Oh! And speaking of sunshine, Carlos just arrived here, live in the studio with me! Carlos? Did you go out in this weather? You're covered in dust, and those look like friction burns in the shape of lab goggles on your face. Are you okay? Did Doug and Alisha make it back?

Carlos: Not yet. They...

What is this all over your studio? Is that barbecue sauce?

Kevin: Oh, that? That's just blood! And some old bones, and loose teeth, and beaks and things. I finally decorated, thanks for noticing! And I just notice you have a piece of paper in your hand! That must be your final report! Look at how we both notice things about each other! I love that!

Carlos: I...I, um...

Kevin: Well, you sound sad. Which is great news, because it means you'll be happy again eventually! It's a tough day, what with all the weather and the wars and the blood. But you're boyfriend will soon be moving from Night Vale to come live here with you!

Carlos: Well, um...about that...

Kevin: And? And? You finally have the scientific results of your hard scientific work!

Carlos: I don't. I don't have results, Kevin! When the army marched out again I went back to trying to recover my notes. I had just gotten the lab desktops clean when Alisha's large dog bounded through the lab and out the front door, sending every glass tube and jar crashing onto the floor. When I bent over to see the damage, I saw my computer there too, just on the tiles, snapped nearly in half, a tuft of white fur covering the keyboard, singed slightly by the smoke streaking out of the broken monitor.

I lost it all, Kevin. My entire year of study is gone.

Kevin: What's the paper, then? Did you at least learn some of your results?

Carlos: This is nothing. It's, um, just a letter I wrote to, uh...a friend.

Kevin: Oh? I love letters! Letters are so fun to receive!

Carlos: Mmm, not this one. It's a sad letter. A letter about regrets, about mistakes.

You know how sometimes you spend a lot of time with someone, and you think that the someone makes you happy, but then suddenly one day you realize...maybe you weren't happy at all. Maybe both would be better off doing what you love in different places. Without each other. Maybe neither of you were as happy as either of you thought.

Kevin: That is a sad-sounding letter. I don't understand or like that at all.

Carlos: I have spent the last year all wrong.

Kevin: I believe in you, Carlos! Don't let destruction, blood, and war hold you back! You're a brilliant scientist!

Carlos: I realize I need to just start everything over, rededicate myself. I need to do it right this time. No more distractions. I can't spend another year like this one.

So...it pains me to carry this letter, but...I wrote it to set my boundaries.

Kevin: So you know, there's no postal service here yet.

Carlos: I know. Um, that's why I'm hand-delivering it.

Kevin: Oh. Remember, no one should ever be sad. Choose not to be sad, Carlos. In fact, choose to be happy! Perhaps your letter is the first step to choosing happiness, even while it makes someone else sad.

Carlos: I understand. Listen, um, I should go. I'm headed to Night Vale one final time. I need to talk to Cecil about...well, about some changes. Thanks for everything, Kevin. You've been so kind to me in this difficult year.

Kevin: Goodbye, Carlos!

Well, it's a shame that our huge scientific breakthrough didn't quite happen today. As the old phrase goes, "the best-laid plans of mice and men are completely different kinds of plans altogether. Very different creatures, those two."

But it's not a total wash. Our next show should feature spine-tingling adventure stories about today's desert battles! We have so much to do, us. So much to explore and understand. So much to make here in our great desert otherworld.

Say, we really do need a name for this place. Things without names don't really exist. So I'm going to call this...well, I'm going to call it Desert Bluffs! Desert Bluffs was the name of my hometown, and by naming it Desert Bluffs, this place becomes my new hometown! We are in my home!! We are in Desert Bluffs, no matter where we are in space or time. What is a town but a name, right?

Until next time, New Desert – Oh. It looks like Carlos left behind that letter he was supposed to hand deliver. I'd better not read it.

Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnno. Better not.

Until next time, New Desert Bluffs. Until next time.

[Sound of Kevin opening the letter]

Oh. Oh no! This is so sad!

No. I don't like this. I am sad.

70B) Review (15 June 2015)

If you love something, set it free. If it doesn't come back, it probably died of sadness because it thought you loved it.

Welcome to Night Vale.

It's difficult to say goodbye to your hometown. Difficult indeed. We'll get to all of that soon, but first we bring you the item of, I'm sure, most interest to all of you: a review of last night's opera. The inaugural performance of the New Old Night Vale Opera House, a tribute to the building which once stood proudly in this town for decades before succumbing, 20 years ago, to an unchecked puppy infestation.

The New Old Opera House is luxurious and stylish. I had no idea what opera was until last night, so my expectations for the building were pretty low. I mean, I don't know what you think opera is; I was expecting something like fenced-in yards occupied full of filthy straw, occupied by hundreds of heavily drugged wolves.

But it turns out that opera houses look nothing like petting zoos. This place had a chandelier, and velvet seats, and lush red curtains, and a snack bar, and people wearing just the fanciest clothes you could imagine. Tuxedos, and ball gowns, and balaclavas, and shin guards.

Old Woman Josie and all of her tall winged friends who go by the name Erika and who claim to be angels, were there. They were the driving force behind the building of the New Old Opera House. It was only fitting, then, that before the performance, Josie gave a toast from the stage. She toasted opera, and Night Vale, and all of the donors who made the Opera House possible.

Finally, she toasted old friends. And when she did, she looked at me and grinned.

I blushed, and looked down at my shoes – which were tasteful sponge clogs that matched my tights perfectly.

OK, so, I'm sure you're asking the same question I've been asking for years: what even is opera? I don't have any training in opera, but I'll do my best to describe it. Basically, opera is kind of like theater, but they don't raise the curtain all the way up. So you only can see feet shuffling about while you hear high pitched wailing and combustion engines.

This particular opera was called "Amara." It was composed and conducted and mostly performed by acting legend Lee Marvin. It was about a young girl who goes on some kind of...adventure? It wasn't clear, because opera is super-interactive and entirely nonlinear. Sometimes people from the audience throw old fruit at the stage, and then the actors jump into the audience to wrestle these people. Audience members are encouraged to yell out things they think the performers should do, and performers often vocalize their distaste for the audience.

At one point in the first act I shouted, "Sing a song about old love and new horizons, about wanderlust and uncertainty!" and then a member of the chorus spat at me. And moments later I found someone handcuffed me to my armrest. It was super fun!

They did raise the curtain all the way once, revealing a detailed set of a storm-tossed ocean, upon which a great ship lurched skyward atop a curling monstrous wave. The details of the painting and the carpentry were flawless. I've never been in such awe of a stage set as I was then. But I think the stage manager recognized the error in allowing the audience to see this, and quickly lowered the curtain to just a couple of feet off the floor.

I didn't recognize most of the performers because they kept the curtain so low, and the stage lights so dim, but I did note that Frank Chen was in the cast, looking every inch the normal human with – I can only assume – a normal number of heads.

At the start of the second act, I sensed a blurry motion in my periphery. I felt a cold touch on my chained hand.

"Nice handcuffs," a whisper said. "Looks like you won't be able to save your friend Dana tonight."

I was terrified, yes, but like everyone I'm usually terrified. I also felt rage. Rage at the Faceless Old Woman whispering behind me. Had she handcuffed me so that I could not save my former intern, my former friend, my current mayor, Dana Cardinal from whatever evil deeds were coming her way?

I looked up at Mayor Cardinal in her loge box. She was staring straight at the stage, focused and stony. And despite all my anger at my old friend – that she had presumably bought me at a Sheriff's Secret Police auction last year, and had been using me for the last several months against my will to protect herself against the five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels and the Faceless Old Woman – despite all that, I looked at Dana's face, hoping she would see me pleading for her safety.

I want to trust and love my friend, and for that moment, I did. And I was sorry that the Faceless Old Woman had restrained me so that I could not help her...even if, this time, I had wanted to.

I followed the mayor's gaze toward the stage. The house lights dimmed, and the curtain split open. I saw normal human Frank Chen center stage, each of his heads huffing and snarling, preparing for his aria.

As an aside, I am told this was to be opera's first-ever quintet aria, but honestly, I don't know what either of those words even mean.

Actually, only four of Frank's heads were snarling: the gold, green, gray, and blue ones. But his purple head was looking right at me. And I felt something familiar, but...at the same time, something that I didn't understand. My hand strained against its chain, but there was nothing I could do.

As the orchestra – led by and comprised entirely of Lee Marvin and a slide whistle – swelled, and Frank Chen continued to belch fire and hiss, we all knew something was wrong. I mean, it's possible that an aria is just a bunch of roars and flames – I'm no expert – but it didn't seem likely. Frank Chen then tore off his bow tie, and in doing so revealed he was not five foot, eight inch middle-aged human Frank Chen at all, but Hiram McDaniels, an 18 foot tall five-headed dragon!

Hiram leapt into the air above the orchestra seats. I heard a muffled scream from above. I looked to the mezzanine and saw Trish Hidge, deputy assistant to Mayor Cardinal, trying to quickly escort the mayor away...but it was too late. I caught a brief glimpse of someone I had never seen before. Or, had never seen in my waking life. She was standing just behind Trish and Mayor Cardinal. It was a woman I had once seen in a dream. In my dream she had been underwater, among coral, young and whispering and faceless. And now, in this world, that is very likely not just a dream, I saw this same woman. She was old, and shouting, and faceless.

Hiram flew up, past the chandelier, toward Dana in the mezzanine, all of his heads focused on their target, teeth bared and angry...except the purple head, which was twisted away, as though trying – with just its neck – to deflect the course of its body.

At that moment, I felt myself rising against my will. There I was, lot number 37, being pulled into use once more. I looked up at Dana, but she was not looking back at me at all. She was preparing to defend herself, alone.

And then everything went black.

I saw nothing. Felt nothing. I was nowhere.

I heard a voice. It was...whiny, and panicked. It told me it was sorry to keep using me, that it had bought me at an auction two years back just in case.

"You never know what could happen. Nothing can be trusted."

The voice told me it especially didn't trust the other heads it shares a body with, who are always scheming, always making new plans. Plus, it was tired of having to commit violent crimes, and consistently living life on the run.

The voice just wanted to settle down. Maybe start a family.

"Night Vale's such a nice town, don't you think?" the voice asked me.

And I asked, "Hiram? Is that you?"

And the voice said, "Not all of Hiram. Most people call me Purple Head, but I prefer Violet."

"Why me?" I asked.

Violet said, "One head couldn't work against four. I've known that a long time. I needed another body. Lot 37 was put up for sale, and the other heads were distracted by Lot 38 (a normal human disguise), so I bought you."

Now, I was furious, of course. I told Violet that I thought Dana had been doing this the whole time. I blamed her over and over! "I have lost a friend because of you, Violet," I said, "and do you have any idea what it's like, to have you control me in this way?"

"Yes," Violet said. "I only have one-fifth control over my own body. This is my life all of the time, carried along against my will by the foolish plans of those closest to me, betrayed by my own limbs, by the beating of my own heart. But...I am sorry. I really am."

"You need to fight your own fights," I said.

"I will, Cecil," Violet said. "I am giving you back Lot 37. I transfer ownership back to you. You are yours once again. And whatever else happens tonight, I'm sorry."

"Well, you should be," I said.

"But," Violet said, "don't blame me for losing your friendship with Dana. You were the one who didn't trust her. That was you, and only you."

Then his voice was gone.

I woke up on the floor of the opera house, which was dark and empty. I was still handcuffed to a scorched armrest that had been completely burned off of the chair itself. Most seats and wall sconces had been heavily scorched and destroyed. I wasn't sure if it was Hiram who did that, or...maybe that's just the standard aftermath of opera.

I walked outside to the curb, watching the rain in the streetlights. I saw the drops flickering in a puddle below.

I do not like reflections that flicker.

I thought of my mother for the first time in a long time. Missed her. And, same word, different meaning, I missed the opera. And the after party, too. And, same word, both meanings: I miss my friend Dana. I wish I could have...saved her.

She was gone, and I failed her. No one was around to help with the weight of my guilt, or to unchain me from the armrest.

A huge storm was coming through. A rare weather event for the desert. Let's have a report on that night's weather now.

["Align" by Aby Wolf]

The storm passed and I began my walk home – my clothes soaked, my clogs now several sizes larger. The streets were quiet. And I took it all in, knowing these were my final days in Night Vale, certain I had made the right decision.

Then I smelled the sandy earth, wet from the storm, and saw the buildings of what would soon no longer be my town washed clean by the driven rain, and I wavered in my certainty.

Lost in thought, I failed to hear the car tires on the slick concrete, or see the headlights swinging my shadow across the sidewalk. I heard, "Cecil, get in!" and, like any citizen of Night Vale when ordered to get into an ominous unmarked car, I obeyed without thinking.

Inside the black stretch limo, impossibly large inside, were dozens of opera supporters and local celebrities. Old Woman Josie and her tall winged friends named Erika were there. Waiters passed around hors d'oeuvres and champagne. I hadn't missed the after party after all.

My sister Abby and her husband Steve and my niece Janice were there.

Janice threw her arms around my waist and said, "Uncle Cecil, I love the opera so much, thanks for the tickets! I love the part where the dragon flew out over the audience like whoosh! and then it started fighting itself, and the purple head starting biting the other heads, and it was really funny! Then, it flew away, out of the theater, and there was a lot of fire, and I thought I saw an old lady with no face ran out too, and– and the mayor was saved, and Mr. Lee Marvin sang a beautiful song about all the animals we can see using mirrors, and then it was over! And everyone cheered! And opera is so cool! Mom said you were moving away. Why are you moving away, Uncle Cecil? Uncle Carlos says you don't have to move if you don't want to! Will you still come to my birthday party?"

Janice continued chattering, but...I was dizzy at the name she had just said. I interrupted her.

"Carlos? Janice, did you say Carlos?"

"Duh! He's right over there, Uncle Cecil!" she said.

I turned, and I saw him. And he was already looking at me.

And I started to say...

And he started to say...

And then we just hugged. So tightly.

And in my ear, Carlos said, "Sorry I missed the opera. I had to let Kevin know I was returning home, and staying there."

And I jerked my head back and said, "Staying here?"

And Carlos said, "This is your home. You belong here."

Then he said, "This is also my home. I belong here."

"Carlos, anywhere we're together is home," I said. And I repeated it. And repeated it. And I said, "But Carlos, is Night Vale where we should live? Is Night Vale even worth living in?"

Carlos held my shoulder and said, "Night Vale is just a name, Cecil. Night Vale is just the name for an area where everyone you love lives," he said. "Don't worry about the name. Worry about the everyone," he said.

Over Carlos' shoulder I saw Dana, my old intern and current mayor in the crowd. She looked at me, but did not smile. I...struggled to meet her eyes, which were wary and gracious. Her deputy Trish Hidge circled behind me and removed the handcuff from my wrist with a small key she had pulled from her jacket pocket.

"Sorry we had to do that," Trish said, "but we wanted you to be safe, to not have your body willed by some other force into a fight you were very clear you wanted no part in. We had to physically hold you out of the way so that we could fight this fight on our own."

From across the impossibly large car, Dana winked and finally smiled.

I mouthed, "I'm sorry," and she did not respond, but, still winking a slow strange wink, she receded into the crowd like a distant walker into mist.

At the end of the night, the car dropped Carlos and me back home and...I don't think we slept the whole night! Talking about our new old life together, all these memories and plans! We are back together in our home, and I am back with you in my studio.

My final show as host of Night Vale Community Radio was to be a review of an opera. And that's still true...someday. But it won't be this opera.

Carlos and I are staying in Night Vale for now. I will be back on the air with you again very soon with more news, and more stories...with more opera.

I think Carlos is right. Night Vale isn't a single unified thing that can love, or be loved. It's just the name, slapped onto a set of borders and rules that some old bureaucrats wearing soft meat crowns devised centuries ago. But they don't live here anymore! We do!

I do.

And I can make it worth it. I can't just leave it, I have to live it! Live it, and make it better! For myself, for Carlos! For my friends. For Abby, and Steve, and Janice, for Old Woman Josie and all of the Erikas. For Dana. And for you, listeners.

We will, together, celebrate another homecoming game. We will, together, survive another street cleaning. We will, together...well, we will see.

I can't promise I'll never leave you. No one can promise that. But until that moment, let's keep working on this town, this collective idea, this Night Vale. Whatever we want that name to mean, we can always start over if we have to. Rededicate ourselves. Do it right.

To start with, the Secret Police have, once again, jailed Hiram McDaniels for his numerous crimes against his fellow citizens. Although, in recognition of the Violet Head's valiant struggle against the other heads and his own contested body, they've put a small hole in the wall that Violet can stick through and be outside of the jail walls, since technically he is not under arrest.

Stay tuned next for happenstance reconstructed into narrative, and falsely interpreted as having significance.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

71) The Registry of Middle School Crushes (1 August 2015)

I trip the light fantastic, and then I offer to help it up. And when the light fantastic is halfway up I let go, and it falls again. Me and the light fantastic do not get along at all.

Welcome to Night Vale.

To start us off, a follow-up on a recent story:

Local ne'er-do-well and five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels will be brought to trial for his attempts to assassinate Mayor Cardinal and take over Night Vale’s city government. This trial is already being referred to as the “trial of the century.” And, indeed, could be referred to as the “trial of all time,” because Night Vale has never had a trial before.

Judicial matters are usually handled directly by the Secret Police, whose judgment is above question – even when it’s really bad and obviously wrong – or, in some extreme cases, handled by the City Council itself, who might relegate the wrongdoer to detention in the abandoned mine shaft outside of town, or might just eat the wrongdoer. It depends on whether the City Council has had a heavy lunch.

But Hiram McDaniels is huge, and a dragon, so the City Council and the Secret Police are both declining to get too close to him. As a result, for the first time ever, we will have a fair and open trial here in Night Vale in front of a jury of Hiram’s peers.

Speaking of which, Night Vale invites any dragons to come down to the courthouse to serve as his peers. Failing that, any multi-headed beings are welcome – although I can’t immediately think of any of those except obviously deer, and deer can’t take part in juries because of their profound belief in egalitarian anarchism.

Pamela Winchell, former Night Vale mayor and current director of emergency press conferences, will serve as the prosecuting attorney, and Hiram’s gold head will be acting in his own defense – as well as the defense of the other three heads accused. His fifth head, the violet one, who had secretly been working to stop the other heads, is not charged, and is expected to take the witness stand against his same-body brethren.

Updates on this exciting legal story will continue as we all try to figure out what “law” means outside of the context of the despotic control of shadowy government forces.

And now, listeners, from matters of news to matters of personal urgency. I present to you: A Heist.

Here is the mission: to retrieve a top-secret document.

Here are the players:

Myself, of course: Mindful speaker in the mindless night.
Carlos: Scientist extraordinaire, extraordinary scientist, great hair.
Steve Carlsberg: Jerk. Good father…maybe. Don’t tell him that.
Abby: My sister, whom I have not spoken with in quite a while, but whom I am hoping to speak with more.
Old Woman Josie: Opera aficionado, and friends with powerful and forbidden beings who are handy with a lock pick…and who claim to know a thing or two about hacking.
Finally, and foremost, of course, little Janice: My niece, and the second-most important person in my life. She is the leader of our mission. She is the reason we are all involved.
This, then, is the team. Here, then, is the target:

City Hall. Specifically, the Hall of Public Records – one of the most secure and dangerous places in Night Vale, where all public information is kept hidden from a public that might misuse it. Few have gone in and survived. No one has ever managed to remove – or even view – a single document from it.

So, why are we trying? Why risk our lives to do what is, by all accounts, impossible?

Because within that hall of records is the Registry of Middle School Crushes, a ledger that documents every slight swoon of our young citizens’ love-sick hearts. This registry, like all municipal documents, is constantly updated via invasive satellite mind-scanning. Janice wants us to retrieve the Registry of Middle School Crushes and destroy it. I will not ask why. We don’t have to ask why. We know that a family member is in need, and we act accordingly.

The plan? Hahahahahaha…but that would give it away.

More soon, whether the powers that be like it or not.

First, a word from our sponsors.

Today’s sponsor is Venom Box, the subscription service that sends you a box of venomous creatures every month. Last month’s theme was “Hidden, But Deadly.” And those who survived that will love this month’s theme: “Fanged and Impossibly Quick.”

Venom Box has been sending me samples and, boy! Have I almost died! I have almost died…a lot!

They are very dangerous, these boxes. Each individually curated Venom Box is literally a box of toxic and aggressive creatures. That’s…what they are. It’s not even a secure box; it’s a hastily-constructed cardboard box! Often, the creatures escape before you can open the Venom Box. The only thing worse than opening a box to find venomous creatures inside, is opening a box that is supposed to have venomous creatures inside…and instead, finding nothing. Then, looking around your home, feeling [*gasp*] is that a tickle on your toe? You were imagining that, right?

To get a free sample, just do nothing. Or, try to prevent it. Actively try to keep the Venom Box out, it doesn’t matter. Whatever you do, you are subscribed to Venom Box every month from here on out.

Good luck!

This has been a word from our sponsors.

And now, traffic.

A woman walks into a bar. Presumably, she did not just appear there. Presumably she opened the door from the outside and entered it. Presumably she drove to the bar. Presumably she had obtained the car she used to drive to the bar somewhere, presumably with money. Presumably she had received that money somehow. She presumably had spent days, months, even years before this moment. Presumably she was born at some point, to a mother – presumably. Presumably she was a child once. There had been years spent in which she could not completely feed herself. There were years in which she was smaller, and stayed all day in rooms where adults taught her to be similar adults to the adults they were. There was a first kiss, nights spent in terror of the nights to come, the first vestiges of independence, moving out, finding a job, a decision – at some point – to go to the bar. Presumably.

“Can I have a drink?” she said to the bartender.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” said the bartender. “This is the end of my shift. Ed will be out in a moment and he’ll be able to help you.”

The bartender left the bar. Presumably he opened the door. Presumably he got into a car. Presumably he drove home, the radio on and playing him through the soft-focus darkness of hot night. Presumably he had a bed somewhere, got into it, slept, and – presumably – dreamed. Presumably he grew older, day by day, and looked at each day as a missed opportunity to live a life that was in no way better than the life he was living, but just different. Presumably he edged toward death, fearing losing what he had, regretting ever attaining it. There was a last kiss, everything was forgotten, but in pieces, and in the most painful order. New things were learned slowly, and in the least helpful order. A basket of fruit indicating a sentiment too weak, communicated too late, to a person who was already gone. Presumably.

This has been traffic.

Back to the main event. Plans run apace for our heist from the City Hall Public Records room. The obstacles are grave, and myriad.

First, there was simply getting past the guard at the door of City Hall. Well, the guard doesn’t stop anyone, so as I said, it’s…getting past is pretty simple.

Then, there is avoiding the City Council, who lurk within City Hall. A many-form municipal entity, waiting for citizens to civically devour. You will have to tread carefully to avoid it.

Then, there are the stairs to the basement where the records are kept. These are very dangerous. Thousands of people die falling down stairs every year, so…we will have to take care not to trip.

Beyond that is the thick vault door, combination unknown, immune to detonation or heat. Rumor has it that the door to the records room could survive a nuclear explosion. Rumor has it that it already has.

Past the door, information becomes more piecemeal. Rumor becomes our only guide. There is, apparently, a grid of lasers – carefully calibrated so as to look mesmerizing, and cause an intruder to stop and watch them, thus failing to complete her mission.

There are pressure sensors in the floor, heat sensors in the hall, thought sensors in all of our brains.

The security is diabolical. But, we have devised a plan past all of it. Which, again, I can’t tell you. I’m sorry. Saying the plan on the radio would make it tricky to successfully perform it without being caught. But it’s really good. I promise.

We will make sure Janice gets the Registry of Middle School Crushes so she can destroy it. We just will never be able to tell you how.

And now, the answer to last week’s audio “Spot the Differences” quiz. Of course, the two audio scenes we set for you were quite similar. Perhaps, even, at an aural glance, identical. But there were eight specific differences. Did you spot them all? Let’s find out! Here were the differences:

The shadow of the howling man is smiling in one scene, but missing in the other.
There are shrouded figures in the grass in both scenes, and they look identical. But in the first scene, they are watching…while in the second scene, they are listening.
Only the first scene scares me.
The cow has one extra spot in the first scene.
The cow has all of its blood in the first scene.
The howling man is howling in both scenes.
We don’t know why he is howling.
Maybe it’s because of his shadow?
What does the second man have to do with anything?
The child is absent from both scenes.
How did you do? If you missed any, don’t worry. The Secret Police will be arriving soon to take you to a reeducation camp. And after that, you definitely won’t be messing up any more puzzles, or messing up anything – or doing anything – ever again.

Oh, I just can’t resist! Our brilliant plan is too brilliant not to share. I mean, it doesn’t even matter that much, I guess, because the plan is already in motion. What could the powers that be possibly do?

So, first, Old Woman Josie had her beings (who cannot legally be called angels) hack the thought centers and the mind-scanning satellites so that instead of playing our current thoughts, they play a loop of thoughts about which sandwich place is our favorite (obviously, the Mario’s Very Authentic Italian Ice Cream sub sandwich place at the mall…obviously).

Then Abby, Steve, and Carlos all simply walked past the guard. Again, the guard doesn’t stop anyone. Simple.

Abby used a series of mirrors and clip lights in the doorway to City Council chambers to create the illusion of an empty hallway for the monstrous municipal members within, thus allowing the wonderful Carlos and the foolish…ly brave Steve to go down the stairs, carefully, and without tripping.

Those two, and those two alone, entered the basement. There, Carlos used a mathematical formula that he had arrived at scientifically to deduce the combination of the great vault door. Once inside, of course, Carlos would become instantly fascinated by the laser grid, determined to understand it. Which is why it was Steve’s important job to keep him focused and moving.

They then put on harnesses, which Janice had spent the last several weeks making from a home cat burglar kit she got as a prize in a box of Honey Nut Flakey-Os, and which she had lined with bags of frozen peas to throw off the heat sensors. And that is where they are now, dear listeners. Creeping ever closer to the Registry of Middle School Crushes, and to a triumphant end to a triumphant plan.

Nothing can…oh, no! Oh, no! Somehow it seems that the City Council has discovered the plan! I don’t know how that could have happened! Steve and Carlos are still in the basement! They’re still in danger! Still right behind the closed vault door! Where can they run? How can they hide?

I will try to sort out what to do. And in the meantime, I must take you to the weather.

[“My Postcard” by Toys and Tiny Instruments]

We have returned, listeners, to a heist complete.

This was not a heist of action, at all. It was not a heist of diamond-tipped drills or advanced electronics, no. This was a heist of words. A heist of fiction. It was a heist of storytelling, and it was magnificent. For there was no hacking by Josie and her friends, no mirror held by Abby, no absurd mathematical formula devised by Carlos, and no Steve. Thank God, no Steve.

There was none of that. Carlos, Old Woman Josie, Abby…and Steve…are safe at home – having never left their beds in this warm, still night. I created their action, I created their danger, with my words. And I delivered that danger to you. That was the entire plan. All of it. It was me, here at this microphone, telling you a story. A story about a successful entrance to the well-protected vault of the Hall of Public Records hahaha.

And, in response to my story, the City Council rushed to the records hall, flung open the vault door, deactivated the sensors and alarms, and charged in to capture Steve and Carlos – but those two were, of course, not there to be captured.

The only person who was there, having avoided the danger of the stairs by safely taking the ADA-compliant elevator down, and having waited, patiently, in the shadows for the City Council to rush by enraged, then open the door of the vault for her, was a very clever 11 year-old in a stealth wheelchair of her own design.

She waited. And when they had passed, she followed quietly after them. And while they searched, roaring for intruders that weren’t there, she slipped the Registry of Middle School Crushes from its shelf, rolled herself back to the elevator, and was gone before the Council had even an inkling that they were chasing only figments of my imagination.

It was, despite all of my misleading words, a two-person heist. An uncle (who can tell one hell of a story), and a niece (who can come up with one hell of a plan).

Janice took the registry out into the Scrublands. And there, in an arroyo that has not seen water in many years, she lit it on fire and watched the smoke pass up through the evergreen leaves of the Joshua trees.

I don’t need to know why she wanted it destroyed, although perhaps I could guess. But I won’t guess. I only know that she needed my help, and so I helped her.

Before everything, before even humans, there were stories. A creature at a fire conjuring a world with nothing but its voice and a listener’s imagination. And now, me, and thousands like me, in little booths and rooms and mics and screens all over the world, doing the same for a family of listeners, connected as all families are, primarily by the stories we tell each other.

And after, after fire, and death, or whatever happens next, after the wiping clean or the gradual decay, after the after…when there are only a few creatures left, there will be one at a fire, telling a story to what family it has left. It was the first thing, and it will be the last.

Stay tuned next for more stories being told to you all of the time – whether you are aware of them or not.

And from whatever fiction it is that we happen to be living together tonight, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

72) Well of Night (15 August 2015)

Kill it with kindness. And if that fails, kill it with sharp sticks or knives.

Welcome to Night Vale.

[yawns] I…I didn’t sleep well last night. I imagine none of you slept well last night, what with all the chanting, and stomping? I could see from my window a stark, white V, opening skyward, just to the south of our apartment, with its inverted cone, long shadows cutting in and out, a vertical static. I could hear a distant repeated chant.

“Bom-bom-bom! Bom-bom-bom!”

Something like that.

Again, that’s not so unusual. When you live in a city long enough, you get used to the nighttime noise of car alarms, or howls of stray cats, or the occasional carolers crouching by your front door singing about some new god they invented in a night club. It’s basic urban life.

But this chant was different. I first heard only the shouts of one or two people.

“Ba-da-bah! Ba-da-bah!”

Whatever the chant was.

I figured they were simply college kids who discovered some dinosaur bones, which I understand is a thing college kids are into these days.

Carlos was able to sleep through the sounds. He can sleep through anything – alarm clocks, heavy construction, even that godawful screeching the sunrise makes – but I was in and out of light sleep all night! By just before dawn, the handful of chanters had grown to a large crowd.

What was that chant?

“Bah-bah-bah! Wah-wah-wah!”

I couldn’t tell, but there must’ve been dozens of them! Well, hopefully they keep it down tonight.

Let’s have a look now at the Community Calendar.

Wednesday night, the staff of Dark Owl Records will be holding a seance to try to reach the ghost of Taylor Swift. They’ll be lighting candles and holding hands and playing Swift’s newest album, “1879,” which was named after the year she was born into a human body. For the fifteenth time.

Record shop owner Michelle Nguyen says it’s important that they get a hold of Swift’s ghost so they can ask her detailed questions about what kind of music she was into back then, because…well, the Dark Owl staff is running out of music that no one else has heard of. They want to find music that no longer exists, so they can get into that.

Nguyen also wants to trash-talk Emil Burliner, who was Swift’s ex-boyfriend and who totally stole Swift’s idea to invent the gramophone.

“He hated music,” Nguyen said. “He had some pretty fly ties, so like…I could see him inventing a pocket square, but not a turntable. Ugh! Did I just use the word ‘fly?'” Nguyen added.

The seance will be from 10:00pm to 2:00am, and there will be a live DJ, snacks, whispering, and darkness.

Thursday afternoon, the Night Vale Community Players will hold auditions for their fall production of David Mamet’s “Oleanna.” Director Chandra Richardson wants to take a fresh approach to this controversial play, stating that she plans on removing all of the words and stage directions. Instead, simply presenting a stage full of actors juggling and/or eating things like candles, and fruit, and rodents. Richardson says that the original 1992 play took a literal approach to the broad topics of gender and power, and she wants to find a more challenging metaphorical approach to this difficult material.

“Talking in English directly about a subject is a very 1990s thing to do. I think we can update this story by stripping it of its language and narrative, and just juggling, and eating things,” Richardson said.

Hopeful actors should meet at 2:00pm at the Rec Center, and bring their own candles and rodents. Fruit will be provided. No previous acting experience or understanding of any specific language is necessary.

Friday night is the Night Vale Alive Fireworks Spectacular, put on each month by a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency. Representatives for the event, speaking through other representatives, who we met in disguise, using code names, in an undisclosed location, said this month’s fireworks spectacular promises to be the largest and most exciting of the year.

“You won’t want to miss it!” the representative whispered from behind a granite-colored Dodge Grand Caravan. “But unfortunately,” the representative added, “you will have to miss it, because it is a covert and secret fireworks show. Everyone must stay inside. And close all doors. And window coverings.”

So, prepare a picnic and gather the family into the panic room this Friday night!

Saturday is already over before it’s even begun. Where does the time go?

Oh, that’s not even a metaphor. This coming Saturday ended weeks ago, but no one knows where it went. Or why.

An update on last evening’s weird lights and chanting:

I’m getting word that the gathering of chanters was down by the old well in the south of town. Now, of course, we all know the old well. It’s that well that inexplicably appeared a few days ago. We call it the “old well” because it’s been a really long week this week, what with getting back from vacation, and returning to work, and school. Plus, it’s been super hot here this August. We’re all just kind of…over it. So, like, two or three days feels like ages! That well’s been there basically forever!

Apparently a couple of people noticed that, after sunset, the well emanates a bright light. As they approached the well, there eyes and hair disappeared. And they began whispering, “well of night!” to passersby. They kept repeating the whisper, “well of night,” to anyone who would listen, but given that it is bad luck to acknowledge a stranger, most people hurried by without paying too close attention.

Eventually, someone pulled their car over near the well, and asked the whisperers for directions to Chipotle. The whisperers replied, “well of night.” And in a blink, the car was gone. And the driver was standing next to the two whisperers, equally eyeless. Equally hairless. All three of them shouting, “Well of life! Well of life!”

The three of them then did a series of moderate calisthenics, where they took large skipping steps, bringing their knees up to their chests, and twirling their arms as straight sticks in conflicting circles above their heads.

Or, maybe, this wasn’t calisthenics, but ritual dancing. Not sure. Both are important parts of a solid daily health regimen.

More on this as it develops, but first, a look at today’s traffic.

There’s an accident on Galloway Road, beneath the overpass of Route 800. Everyone is very sorry about what happened. They didn’t mean for it to turn out like this. They didn’t mean for anything to turn out like it did. It was totally an accident, and everyone apologizes profusely. Can you try to understand how something like this could happen to anyone? Can you try to forgive them? Can you?

Emergency crews are on hand to help clear debris and to offer hugs and empathy to all those affected directly and indirectly.

Moving on, there’s congestion in downtown right now because of construction, narrowing Somerset down to a single lane. The Sheriff’s Secret Police has sent traffic cops down there to shout, and scowl, and point. Which has helped considerably.

Oh, it’s actually made the traffic worse, but everyone in the traffic feels stronger, more emotionally prepared to deal with adversity than they were before getting in their cars.

Tunnels and bridges are completely clear this hour, as they are most hours, because they’re either totally secret or off-limits to public use. But today, they’re especially clear of even the black sedans, armored vehicles, and windowless vans that normally clog those roadways.

Listeners, the Night Vale Highway Department would like to remind you to buckle up. Then, to hunker down. Then, to forget everything. Then, to remember everything. Then, to open your eyes to what’s really going on. Don’t you see what’s really going on? The Highway Department would like to call you all sheeple.

“Sheeple,” they scowl as they roll their eyes.

This has been a public service announcement from the Night Vale Highway Department.

Here now with a message from today’s sponsor is Deb, a sentient patch of haze.

Hi, Deb!

Deb: Hi, human broadcaster! Hello, mortal listeners. It’s back-to-school time again, and the kids still need new clothes, bags, lunches, falconry gear, rappelling equipment, and other basic school supplies. So much stuff! Where will you find time to go to all of those stores?

Well, you don’t have to go to a bunch of different stores, you only need one store: Jo-Ann Fabrics.

Cecil: Cool! I thought, uh, Jo-Ann Fabrics only sold fabrics!

Deb: That’s simply untrue. Why would you even say that?

Cecil: Well, I just assumed from the name that Jo-Ann Fabrics would…

Deb: Stop talking!

Jo-Ann Fabrics welcomes any parent too overwhelmed by school, or a life, or parenthood, or whatever. Anything. Maybe you’re afraid of flying, and you have to get on a plane soon. The threat is real, you know.

Cecil: I think planes are actually much safer than they used to…

Deb: Oh my God, Cecil! Can we have a conversation for once?

Cecil: You– You– You're– You’re right. You’re right. I’m sorry, Deb. Uh, I mean, the thing is, Jo-Ann Fabrics does fabrics better than anyone, so…a creative person could make clothes, and bags, and all kinds of stuff for their…kids?

Deb: You’re obsessed with fabrics!

Cecil: Well…

Deb: Fine. Go on about your fabrics. What do I care about your petty human concerns?

Cecil: Ooh! Carlos bought a nice batik at Jo-Ann’s recently. It’s got, umm…

Deb: You don’t know what batik is.

Cecil: I don’t.

Unknown deep voice: Jo-Ann Fabrics.

Deb: Aah! What the heck is that?

Cecil: I– I– don’t know! I– I– I’ve never heard that voice before!

Unknown deep voice: For all you back-to-school needs.

Deb: Oh my God! That’s really weird.

Cecil: Yeah, it is!

Unknown deep voice: Joooooooooooo-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnn’s….

Deb: I’m outta here!

Unknown deep voice: Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa…

Cecil: O– OK, uh, bye, Deb.

Unknown deep voice: …aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabrrrrics.

Cecil: Listeners, I’m just getting word that, right this moment, the old well has begun to cast a ray of darkness upward.

As the sun reached its apex, darkness cut across the bright day in a thin, long V. The chanters, whose numbers have apparently grown into the high hundreds, are doing their strange dance, or exercise, around the well, and chanting.

More and more are joining this throng. I’m being told that all of their eyes are completely overgrown with skin, and that their hair doesn’t actually fall out. Apparently each hair retreats rapidly back into their heads like a scared worm.

Uh, I can see from my studio that tall funnel of black against the blue sky, and…and I can faintly hear the chanting.

There it is.

“Bah-bah-bah! Bah-wah-wah!”

That’s it! That is the chanting I heard last night.

“Well of night! Well of life! Well of night! Well of life!”

Uh, listeners, I can feel…the power of the chant. I– I– I– I can feel my hair shortening, and– and re-entering my scalp. Oh, that feels so…uh, so…rewarding!

Well of night! Well of life!

My– my eyes are being covered in skin, but suddenly, I can see so much! More than I ever thought possible! I must go to this well! With the well, I will see everything!

Well of night! Well of life! Well of night! Well of life! Well of night!

[Cecil’s voice fades, and a door closes, then reopens several seconds later as Cecil returns]

I almost forgot. Here’s today’s weather.

Well of night! Well of life! Well of night!

[Door closes again]

[“Children of God” by Andrew Jackson Jihad]

Whoo! Oh, wow! What fun that was, Night Vale! Oh, those “well of life” people are wild, but so sweet!

I was a bit nervous at first, because it’s been years since I’ve been unwillingly inducted into a cult or a chanting circle. I kind of thought I’d get there, and everyone would see how out of practice I was, and boy…if you saw my kick steps, you’d know I hadn’t done a jumping jack or prayer dance in forever.

But, here comes old Cecil, with his hair withdrawn and his eyes covered in flesh, ripe for the teasing, and they welcomed me without judgment or hesitations. I wasn’t two steps into their circle before someone drew blood from my neck, and everyone cheered…ah! What fun!

Hmm.

Then someone else turned into a bird-like animal, a little furrier than a normal bird, and we all followed it into the well. And down in that well we all chanted until the bird person touched each of our foreheads with its…bird-hoof? Or whatever birds call their feet?

And some of us joined hands, and droned for a little bit. A few others were watching baseball highlights, and a few more were enjoying the hummus that someone had made.

Then, I was back here – skin covering gone from my eyes, hair returned to my scalp. The only thing different is that now I’m wearing a black plastic poncho, cat ears, and yellow galoshes. This was definitely not what I wore to work, as I do not own yellow galoshes. They’re orange.

Oh, I don’t know. These are kind of orange-ish. The lighting in my studio’s weird. Maybe these boots are mine.

Yeah. I’m wearing exactly what I was wearing before, I think.

Anyway, I met some amazing people today, people I don’t remember anything about except the feeling of love and acceptance I felt when I was with them. The– their faces and bodies are blurs. But, for a short time, we all chanted and did aerobics as one. We all mattered to each other, even though we knew we didn’t matter at all. That seems wrong, I know, but two conflicting things can exist simultaneously. And they did! And it was a great moment. One I will cherish. And, one I hope to never have again, because it would be ruined by the unattainable perfection of nostalgia.

Ahh, the old well is gone now. In its place, a barely-noticeable bulge in the earth, slightly pink, and soft to the touch. The Parks Department has already erected a historic plaque to commemorate the well. The plaque reads, “NOTHING UNUSUAL HAPPENED HERE OR WILL HAPPEN HERE. YOU HAVE BEEN PHOTOGRAPHED READING THIS PLAQUE. WHAT WERE YOU HOPING TO LEARN?”

Stay tuned next for less of what you once were but more of what you think you are.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

73) Triptych (1 September 2015)

What’s past is prologue; what’s future is epilogue. This, right here, is maybe Chapter Four or Five.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Today’s top news is the screaming vortex that opened up in the Night Vale Mall food court, completely obliterating Ice Cream on a Stick, Lucy Tropic’s Fried Ice Cream, and Mario’s Very Authentic Italian Ice Cream Sub Sandwiches, while doing significant damage to American Teddy’s Ice Cream and Falafel.

American Teddy’s owner, Teddy Rajal, said that this is the worst case of food court vortex that Night Vale has seen in decades. And then he started hollering about the figures he could see approaching from within the depths of the vortex, and…

[Static sound plays in background]

Uh, I’m sorry, but…I’m getting some weird feedback in my headphones. Um…just some slight technical difficulties. Uhh, let me see if any of these wires are loose, and I’ll get right back to this important story.

Um, oh, oh, OK. Uh, this one looks a little loose; I’ll just wiggle it a bit…

[Strong static hum, then all static ends]

Kevin: …started hopping up and down joyously about the figures he could see approaching from within the depths of…

Cecil: Oh, no.

Kevin: Hello? Is there a new friend on the air with me? This is Kevin in Desert Bluffs.

Cecil: We know who you are, Kevin. And another thing, just because you have decided to name the other desert world that you are living in Desert Bluffs, doesn’t make it the town of Desert Bluffs! That’s not how names work! You couldn’t just start calling me Cecil [pronounced Sessil] and have that suddenly be my name.

Kevin: Wow! You have so much passion! What a passionate individual you are! Cecil [pronounced Sessil], is it?

Cecil: Cecil.

Kevin: Delightful. But to your, um, point, while where I live is definitely a desert, I don’t know what would make it other than your world, and I didn’t call this town Desert Bluffs, someone much older and smarter than me, I’m sure, did that. And I’m glad they did, because you couldn’t ask for a better home town than the Bluffs.

Cecil: [Scoffs] What a stupid name! Night Vale is way better name by any measure. For instance, I like it more. By any measure.

Kevin: That’s disappointing news. But I’ve never heard of any place called “Night Vale.” I can’t imagine anyone disliking us here in Desert Bluffs.

Cecil: What do you mean, you’ve never heard of Night Vale? You and that evil corporation StrexCorp tried to take over Night Vale very recently.

Kevin: StrexCorp? That faux friendly big business corporate monster? Don’t talk to me about them. StrexCorp is the worst! Strex has been buying up a few of the businesses here in Desert Bluffs, and I am not happy about it. It makes me very unhappy to be unhappy. I’m much happier being happy.

No. Strex is against everything I believe in. Community, radio, community radio, government intervention in the world, world government intervention, secret police, and, of course, adorable cats!

Cecil: I love cats!

Kevin: Who doesn’t love cats? Heartless people, that’s who. Monsters without the capacity for love. Without the capacity for love, Cecil! That’s who doesn’t love cats.

Cecil: Wow! You’re way nicer than I remembered.

Kevin: I want to represent my town well. We’re decent people here. Good people, sharing what we have: a watchful and oppressive government keeping us safe from ourselves and others, children playing in the schools, working hard in paramilitary clubs, and marching with crisp, clean uniforms in parades.

Cecil: Wait…your marching band has crisp, clean uniforms? But that hasn’t been true since the…

Is it possible that somehow I am getting a radio signal from Desert Bluffs all the way back from before the incident?

Kevin: I…have no idea what any of that meant, but it sounded terrifying.

Cecil: So, you don’t like Strex?

Kevin: Of course not! But don’t worry, we won’t let them get too powerful. Not here in the Bluffs.

Cecil: Uh, please stop calling it that.

Kevin: Sure. We’re all united on keeping StrexCorp just a small local business here in the Bluffs.

Cecil: It’s so strange to hear this version of you! Uh, I– I don’t know how this stray signal ended up in this where and when, but…here it is! This “you” before everything that happens that makes you…whatever you become.

Kevin: Wow! Sounds like I have some fun stuff to look forward to once I kick StrexCorp out of town. You know they’ve been trying to buy the radio station? Can you imagine how awful that would be? They’d probably try to take me off the air, and replace me with someone else. Or, worse, try to change my personality completely. Oh! I would never let that happen. I would never– [static cuts Kevin off]

Cecil: Kevin. Kevin! I don’t think he can hear me anymore.

Kevin: You don’t think who can hear you anymore?

Cecil: Oh, thank the lights in the sky, Kevin. You’re still there. I need to warn you about Strex.

Kevin: Warn me? About Strex? Why would you ever need to warn me about an honest family business like Strex? Why, ever since they bought the radio station years ago, I’ve learned so much about good business practices, and the value of hard work, and individual responsibility, and smiling, and destroying the weak, and eliminating the lazy, and smiling, and smiling, and…smiling.

Cecil: Oh, no! Uh, I must be getting a radio signal from the much more recent past.

Kevin: [Scoffs] The warping of linear time is exactly why I don’t trust radio, Cecil. Especially community radio.

Cecil: Kevin! What did you become?

Kevin: I’m just a happy-go-lucky guy! It’s like they say: “Work hard, play hard. Then work hard again, work hard more, work harder, keep working hard, have you been working hard enough? Work harder if you want to live! And then, and then, play! Play very very very hard.”

Cecil: Do you remember nothing of the you that was? The you that believed in good, healthy things like family, and a caring totalitarian government?

Kevin: I…oh! That’s a good question! What do I remember?

I remember being a real grumpster, just a grouch and a half about everything! Mister Frowny Face, I’d call myself now, if I were talking to myself then.

But Strex bought out my radio station, and everything changed for the better. Ha-ha! Can you believe it, I actually tried to stop them from buying it! I tried very hard. I put my own body, this fragile thing, in between the Strex representatives and the entrance to the building, but they forced their way past me using ethically brutal methods that left me forever physically changed. What a silly old hen I was about all that!

Once Strex entered my life and showed me the power of the Smiling God, why, nothing was the same for me ever again! I felt so much happier. I did terrible things. I felt so much happier! I tore and bit and growled…I felt so incredibly happy! My skin rent, blood drops on the ceiling, someone’s throat hose in my hand! So deliriously happy!

[Sigh] You know what? Thank you, Cecil, for bringing back such good memories to me!

Cecil: I am so, so glad that we drove StrexCorp out of Night Vale.

Kevin: Oh, that’s not true, Cecil! We only just started moving into Night Vale. Why, I believe we bought your radio station only a couple weeks ago?

Cecil: Oh, that’s because you’re talking to me from my past. Uh, the radio signal got temporally misplaced, as sometimes happens…obviously. In the time you’re speaking from, we haven’t led the secret revolution against Strex yet.

Kevin: So you’re saying that there will be a secret revolution against Strex? Hang on, I’m jotting down a few things.

Cecil: Uhh…um…n– nope! Uh, doesn’t sound right at all! Uh, I think Strex has nothing to be worried about, and should just be relaxed. And complacent.

Kevin: Cecil! Ha ha ha! Your jokes delight me! He-haha! Just in case, though, I’m going to send a new supervisor over to Night Vale. Daniel is fresh off the line in one of our most efficient radio content manufacturers. You’ll love him. Or, not you now, you then, I guess. Hah! Time is weird, isn’t it?

Cecil: So weird.

Kevin: Right? Anyway, Daniel will keep a close eye, and if anything seems wrong, well…me and some StrexCorp executive or another will head right over to set things right.

Cecil: Well…umm…

Kevin: Oh, don’t sound down about yourself! We all make mistakes, Cecil. Except wonderfully productive StrexCorp, bursting at the seams at the power of our awesome Smiling God! They don’t make mistakes. And that is why we’re all grains of sand beneath their feet, the bended neck at their throne. Isn’t language fun?

Cecil: Kevin? I already kicked you off my station once. I’m not just going to sit back while some errant radio waves from the past somehow put you right back on here. Uh, uh, maybe if I wiggle the wire this way…

Kevin: Lauren! Lauren, I just heard some interesting ideas about the future on the– [static cuts Kevin off]

Cecil: He seems to be gone.

Well, I have some feelings about how that conversation went, but…Carlos always tells me never to be down on myself about honest mistakes. Not even massively destructive paradoxical mistakes. He’s…always saying that.

I suppose, now that the technical difficulties are taken care of, I should give you an update on the screaming vortex at the Night Vale Mall. You won’t believe what…

[Someone coughs over errant radio waves]

Oh, no. Hello?

Kevin, sounding frail: Cecil! Cecil, old friend! I’m here.

Cecil: You sound different. When is this radio signal coming from? Uh, when are you in your life?

Kevin: I am very old. It has been many years since I last spoke to you. It’s great to hear your voice again. It’s great to hear any voice again.

Cecil: I’ll admit, this is a little exciting. How is the future?

Kevin: Desolate.

Cecil: Okay, not what I expected, if I’m honest.

Kevin: Oh, what StrexCorp and their Smiling God did to my wonderful little town. What they did to me. I’m not myself anymore. I’m a smile, and a twitch of the wrist. It has been years, Cecil. I’ve drifted away from myself. Sometimes I am one me, and then again I am the other. What they did to the sentient heat trapped temporarily in my body.

Cecil: Oh, Kevin.

Kevin: “Kevin.” Even my name is a strange figment. My tongue has forgotten how to form the word. And once, I was so good with words!

Now I am an ancient thing, withered away by what they did to me all those years ago. The power of the Smiling God is an endless flow. It ebbs, like the tides. But, like the tides, it returns.

I think about what I could have been if I had never encountered Strex. I imagine an entire life without them. It makes me happy. I picture every detail, I try to live it in real time, but it is only a slight, sweet fiction, and dissolves like sugar into water.

Oh, Cecil! I wish you had known me before…before Strex. Before it all, when I was just a dedicated community radio host like you. I wish you had– [static cuts Kevin off]

Cecil: But I did know you, just now, Kevin! You sounded so excited about your town, about your community…you were so happy! You were you!

Kevin? Kevin? Kevin!

Listeners, I must find this Kevin again. But first, I must take you to the weather.

[“The Heroine” by Unwoman]

Kevin: Cecil? Cecil?

Cecil: Yes, Kevin? I'm– I’m here.

Kevin: Oh, good, I got you back. Lost you there for a moment.

Anyway, as I was saying, Strex wants to buy the radio station, but I’ll never let them. I’ll fight them off, Cecil! I’ll defeat them!

Cecil: Ah, it’s this version of you.

Kevin: There is only me, Cecil. I’m the only me there is! And we’re gearing up to push Strex out. Grandma Josephine, my oldest friend in town (both meanings of the word), Mayor Pablo Mitchell, Lawrence Levine out on the Edgertown Development, we have all had our differences in the past, sure, and we will have our differences again. We can’t always be happy. But we love each other. We are a community.

And sure, that community has a beautiful name. I mean, can you think of a single more beautiful name than Desert Bluffs?

Cecil: Obviously, any name. Like, literally, any name.

Kevin: But it’s not about the beautiful, beautiful name. It’s about the people. A town is its people, and the good and the bad of them. And that is what we are going to fight for. That is what we are going to win for.

Hey, you’re from the future! That means you know how this turns out!

Cecil: Well, uh, y– y– yes, I do.

Kevin: So? Do I win? Does everything go just as right as right could be?

Cecil: … Yes.

You win, Kevin. Everything goes right. You and community radio prevail. And you are happier than ever. Desert Bluffs is a wonderful town, and you live happily in it.

Kevin: Oh! That’s such good news! Thanks for telling me. I can’t wait for the future to come! Though, I have no choice but to wait, I suppose. That’s how the future works, scientists keep insisting. Scientists are the worst, right?

Well, I’m sure I’ll talk to you again at some point in my life.

Until next time, Cecil. Until next ti– [static cuts Kevin off]

Cecil: Goodbye, Kevin. I wish…

Does it matter?

Listeners, I…what do I say here? I– I wish things could have gone differently, obviously. That is, obviously, what I wish. But they didn’t.

What is the use of nostalgia for what didn’t happen when we have to live with what did? Do I wish the food court at the mall still existed? Sure. But it doesn’t.

Oh. Right. Sorry, uh, didn’t get a chance to update you. The whole food court and everyone in it is totally gone now.

Anyway.

A counterpart that never was? A friend that I never had? A life that was never lived. Could Night Vale and Desert Bluffs have been sister towns? Was there a moment when that possibility drifted like breath into frozen air until it wisped away into the cold truth of what happened?

I don’t know. I heard only what you heard. I know only what you know. Probably, you know more than me.

Stay tuned next for a feeling in your chest that will never quite sit right with you again.

And goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

74) Civic Changes (15 September 2015)

Remember that you are a beautiful person. You’re a weird-looking tree, but you’re a beautiful person.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. To start things off, I’ve been asked to re-read this brief notice:

The City Council announces that no changes will be made to the Dog Park at the corner of Earl and Somerset, near the Ralph’s. They would like to remind everyone that dogs are not allowed in the Dog Park. People are not allowed in the Dog Park.

It is possible you will see Hooded Figures in the Dog Park.

Do not approach them. Do not approach the Dog Park.

The fence is electrified and highly dangerous. Try not to look at the Dog Park, and especially do not look for any period of time at the Hooded Figures. The Dog Park will not harm you. The Dog Park is as it always was.

“Shut up about the Dog Park,” the City Council added in handwriting to the bottom of the notice.

This reminder of city rules is apparently in response to recent complaints by Night Vale citizens over the secretive and exclusive nature of the Dog Park. And these complaints are apparently in response to recent activity by certain…community radio hosts, and…local scientists, who surreptitiously used the Dog Park to go back and forth between Night Vale and a desert otherworld, and then…announced said activity to everyone over the airwaves.

Apparently. I’m not sure. I mean, I’m not sure of anything, really. Who knows? I don’t.

Let’s have a look now at sports.

The Night Vale High School Scorpions already have their first district win of the season, without actually having played a single district game. This Friday’s football game against fierce rival Desert Bluffs has been forfeited by the Vultures because of lack of funding. Desert Bluffs has been in a steep year-long recession.

I mean, it’s an awful city, but it’s hard not to feel bad. The town is facing record unemployment and major setbacks in city programming after the buyout and subsequent major restructuring last year of the only employer in town, StrexCorp.

DBHS has had to cut their athletic programs, as well as all music, history, trial mocking, and math classes.

Next week, the Night Vale Scorpions take on the Pine Cliff Lizard Monitors, who are coming off last year’s successful 9-1 season, which was due, in large part, to all of their players being ghosts, and thus extremely difficult to tackle.

The Scorpions will need a lot of luck, as they will be without star running back Maliq Herrera this season. After last year’s scandal, in which it was revealed he wasn’t real, Herrera quit football to pursue his dreams of becoming a conceptual artist. His current medium is woodcarvings on living trees. He’s been at work in the Whispering Forest along the east side of Night Vale, etching phrases like “You look nice today!” and “I have always loved you!” into some of the cedar trunks.

The Whispering Forest usually lures humans with compliments, and then subsumes them, turning them into trees as well. But, since Maliq doesn’t actually exist, he’s immune to such pressure.

Oh! Guess what? We have a new intern! She’s been with us the past couple of weeks, handling our social media. I’m kind of an old fossil, and I’m not really good at things like the internet.

Oh! In fact, I think I’ve long since let my license to use a computer expire!

But, new intern Danielle has really picked up the slack, transcribing my work emails and my Hannibal fan poetry onto a Tumblr page. Intern Maureen used to do all that but, since she left, I’ve had to lean on Danielle for all of her expertise. Good work, Danielle! Hahaha!

Oh, speaking of which, with the current controversy at the Dog Park, I’m gonna need you to go down there and report on what’s happening.

Uh, Danielle is in the producer’s booth, shaking her head no.

Danielle, you look horrified! This is an easy story!

Huh? Uh-huh…

Oh, she's– she’s writing something down.

OK, um, Danielle just held her hand up to the plexiglass. She’s written on her palm in black marker, “This position regularly puts interns in harm’s way, and I would like to remain at my desk, where I am safe. I don’t want to die. The Dog Park is not safe. Please understand and respect my concerns. Sincerely, Danielle.”

Danielle also has extremely legible handwriting and large palms.

OK. OK. I understand that Danielle. I– I– I– I think you’re overreacting. Uh, the last time I sent an intern to report a story at the Dog Park, she became mayor! But OK, you do your thing.

Well, it sounds like we’re getting our first eyewitness reports from the Dog Park. Uh, we have on the phone right now John Peters – you know, the farmer? Uh, John, are you at the Dog Park right now?

John Peters: Howdy, Cecil, I sure am!

Cecil: What’s happening down there? Are people demonstrating? Is it peaceful?

John: That all depends on your definition of “peaceful,” Cecil. I’m looking right now at these people, they’re all in a long row, standing upright and perfectly still – perhaps a slight sway to each individual in the breeze, but otherwise perfectly planted and stoic. They’re all so quiet, not a single sound – ‘cept some incidental rustling, the mundane din of physical existence, that sort of thing – but not a word’s being spoken.

Cecil: This is amazing! I am so proud of our town, taking a nonviolent approach towards civic change. This reminds me of the classic sit-ins, where protest…

John: That…well, like I said, Cecil, they ain’t sittin’, per se. They’re all totally upright.

Cecil: OK, sure, I know, I just meant…

John: Well you should say what you mean. That’s a famous quote. You know who said that?

Cecil: Well, I know Lewis Carrol wrote…

John: No.

Cecil: Oh, uh, who said it, then?

John: …And now there are birds soarin’ above, lots of black birds circlin’ the rows of silent citizens. The birds are cawin’ and landin’ on some of them. There’s one citizen in particular who’s standing on a wood pipe, his arms spread wide, his head cocked, bent to the side. He’s wearing a straw hat, and a smile of unnatural geometry. His eyes are solid black, and seem to be protruding from his rough face. The birds are avoiding this particular man. I think, perhaps, he’s the leader of these people, as he also stands perfectly still, perfectly silent.

He is so stoic. So strong.

Cecil?

Cecil: Yes, John?

John: Cecil, I’m lookin’ straight at the sun right now…

Cecil: Oh, John, don’t do that, that’s bad for you!

John: So beautiful! It is so beautiful it hurts.

Cecil: Uh, John?

John: Oh! Here comes the cloud. That is such a relief.

Cecil: So, are the people at the Dog Park carrying signs of any sort? Are they wearing T-shirts with slogans, uh, anything like that?

John: They’re just all green and leafy, rising from the dirt. Little tufts of brownish hair on top. Some of the birds are peckin’ at their faces now, eatin’ the bulbous golden flesh hidden beneath.

Shoo! Git goin’, you birds!

Good. I think the birds are leavin’. Oh! Nope, they’re just circlin’ back to some other people further away. Oh, now they’re eatin’ them other folks’ heads! Oh, it’s brutal, Cecil, it’s just brutal!

Cecil: John, wait. Are you in a corn field?

John: …Well…

Cecil: It sounds an awful lot like a corn field.

John: I don’t want to get into an argument with you about semiotics, Cecil, but I know what I see.

Cecil: Thanks for the update, John.

John: Oh, you bet, Cecil! Always nice to talk to you.

Be gone, you birds!

Cecil: And now, a word from our sponsor.

Today’s show is sponsored by Knife.

Need to cut a thing? Use Knife! Need to poke a hole in another thing? Try using Knife. Have one thing and want it to become two or more smaller things? You could try Saw. Saw sometimes works. But other times, you need Knife.

Just listen to Knife in action!

[Sound that is not unlike a jackhammer]

Amazing!

[Sound that is not unlike a jackhammer]

Knife!

This has been a word from our sponsors.

To deal with the controversy surrounding the “no dogs or people in the Dog Park” policy, Mayor Dana Cardinal (Oh! Hey, Danielle? That’s the former intern I was talking about. You sure you don’t want to go write a Dog Park story? OK, fine…) has sent her Director of Emergency Press Conferences, Pamela Winchell, to deliver an emergency press conference. Here is what she had to say:

Pamela Winchell: Today is an important day in our city’s history. Today, citizens of Night Vale have spoken, and they have said something. I wasn’t paying attention. I can’t hear and see and understand every single thought or feeling everyone is having at every single moment. Someone is always trying to explain things to me.

“Put the car in reverse to go backwards!”

“Don’t point that gun at me, Pamela!”

“Greenland is mostly ice, whereas Iceland is actually Ireland misspelled!”

Always someone over my shoulder, telling me how to do something, or someone on my shoulder crying, or someone below my shoulder in a headlock. It’s just too much for me to take in.

So, some of you are against the Dog Park. Or, maybe you are against the people against the Dog Park. I don’t know. Who can tell? Maybe you’re against dogs who are parking. Why would dogs park? Dogs can’t drive!

[Gasp] Wait…did you mean dogs barking? Are you against the “dog bark?” Oh-ho-ho-ho-hee-hee ye-ah. I’m with you on that. There is nothing worse than an idiot dog voicing its idiot opinion. Keep it to yourself, King Charles! Nobody asked!

Well, maybe someone did. I once asked a dog, “Who’s a good girl?” And it was silent. It didn’t know. Or, it didn’t want to say. Either possibility makes me sad. I’m still sad about this. Let’s have a moment of silence for my sadness.

…

OK. I’m still sad, though. But the sadness sits better with me.

Did you know it takes more muscles to frown than it does to think about being sad? It’s true.

No questions! I’m taking no questions! We’re done here!

Oh, before I forget…Cecil, can we move our coffee date from Tuesday to Wednesday? I have a dental appointment Tuesday. I – ha! – I’d almost forgot why I’d originally called. Hah. Call me back, OK?

[Answering machine beeps]

Cecil: Oh. I guess that was just a voice mail from Pamela, not a press conference.

Never mind.

And now, an update on the hole in the vacant lot out back of the Ralph’s.

The group of huddlers that meet at the hole and huddle have now taken up nestling.

“We’re done huddling,” said a spokesperson for the group.

No one knows who these former huddlers – current nestlers – are, nor their regularly scheduled nestling times, just that the like to nestle in the hole in the vacant lot out back of the Ralph’s. They also like it when other people come join them. They formerly enjoyed huddling, but now their new thing is nestling.

“Come nestle with us,” their press release reads. “What’s the worst that could happen? We don’t know. And we’d like to find out,” it concludes.

A spokesperson for the group issued a new statement just now:

“Do not assume we like nestling, or dislike huddling. Nestling just is. Huddling just was. This is everything,” the statement reads.

So, go nestle.

Also, Ralph’s is a proud sponsor of our station, so maybe get some shopping done as well. Um, probably do the shopping part first.

We’re getting word that the people at the Dog Park have begun shouting at the Hooded Figures who inhabit the Dog Park. They are shouting things like, “I do not like the Dog Park policy!” and “Please, can my dog and I come play in the park?” and “That’s a nice park!”

Some of the dog owners have begun holding up spit-soaked tennis balls and well-chewed Frisbees, and they are demanding that they be let into the Dog Park so that they may get some exercise with their loving and loyal canine companions. One of them even shouted, “My dog has to pee really badly! See?” and then they pointed at their dog, and the dog was shifting its weight nervously from leg to leg, its eyes anxious, and its cheeks obviously flush underneath the dark fur.

In response to this heightened civil disobedience, Mayor Cardinal announce that she and the City Council will hold a meeting today to discuss their various options for changing the Dog Park policy. The City Council, speaking in unison, said they hated this idea, and then they sent a dozen or so helicopters across the city of Night Vale, spraying every citizen with sedatives.

Well, it sounds like maybe some headway will be made at the Dog Park. I hope it is soon, as things have gotten confrontational. I hope that [yawn] Oh, my gosh [yawn continues].

I better take us, before I drift off, to the…weath…mmm…mm [Cecil snores and exhales]

[“I Love You Oddly” by Rebecca Angel]

Good news! That sedative-assisted midday nap left me well rested and full of vim and pep.

Oh. More good news. After hours of meetings between the mayor and the City Council, the Dog Park has been officially opened up to use by dogs – a first in its three years of existence. There are some rules and guidelines for Dog Park usage, of course, as outlined just now by the City Council.

First, anyone wishing to take their dog to the Dog Park must have a dog.

Second, dog owners must submit proper paperwork proving that they are blood-related to their dog.

Third, after a municipal review committee approves the application, a Hooded Figure will take the dog into the Dog Park and play with the dog, using city-approved Frisbees, sticks, and balls.

Dog owners may not accompany the Hooded Figures during this time, and will be safely packed away in Styrofoam containers for the duration of the Dog Park program.

The City Council added that there will be a slight bump in gasoline taxes to pay for this new program. Also, they will be building new higher obsidian fencing around the Dog Park. They added that dogs who go into the Dog Park as part of this new program will not be returned to their owners.

Finally, they’ve hired Troy Walsh Landscaping to plant new white lily gardens around the perimeter of the Dog Park. Troy is sure great at everything he does, so that should be real pretty!

Well, good job, Night Vale! It’s a small step forward, but your voices were heard. So often we think that politics is just arguing about who should pretend to be president, but real change starts here at home, with your streets and neighborhoods and communities.

I’m proud of the great work done by our citizens today. We all came together over an issue important to the people, and we were heard by our leaders. How inspiring!

As the old saying goes, “horses leave hoof prints on your heart.” That doesn’t have anything to do with, uh, togetherness or change, it’s just a warning that horses are dangerous and will try to kill you. Know that, and you can accomplish anything.

Stay tuned next for a review of the popular new film, “Unedited CC TV Footage: Citgo #4172, Left Rear Cam.”

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: The word “motel” is an amalgam of the words “hotel” and “murder.”

75). Through the Narrow Place (date)

It’s not the destination, it’s the endless exhausting journey.

Welcome to Night Vale.

What an exciting day for amateur athletes, or just anyone who enjoys moving their body (for whatever reason someone would want to do that). Today is the annual marathon through the Narrow Place. This yearly marathon is a family-friendly charity race that takes people on a beautiful 26 mile or so course along the Crooked Path, down into The Deepening, and ultimately, through the Narrow Place.

Race organizers say that this will be the biggest marathon yet, with all the town forced to take part by the terrifying Harbingers of the Distant Prince, and that all participants will be devoured by the Narrow Place.

Race board president, Susan Wilman, added, “That sounds a lot more dramatic than it is. Sorry, you know how when you talk mostly with a small group of friends, you end up developing a shared way of speaking that can be misleading, or misunderstood when heard by outside ears. We just like to say that ‘the Narrow Place will devour them’ because what will happen is that the Narrow Place will consume them with an unfeeling hunger, and they will dissipate.”

Susan laughed, continuing, “Oh-ho-ho, there it is again! That sounds so frightening when I say it that way, doesn’t it? Doesn’t it sound frightening?”

She laughed.

Susan laughed.

She laughed.

Her mouth was black and featureless inside.

She laughed.

The marathon is this afternoon, and will be the end of us all. More on this soon, but first let’s get into some news.

The Desert Bluffs City Council and Desert Bluffs Mayor Dan Cardozo announced this week (via a golden press release hidden in one lucky Sulfur Crunch candy bar) that, due to an extreme deficit in municipal funding, they would have to shut down certain city services including trash pickup, road maintenance, and tree monitoring.

Starting this Monday, citizens will have to drive their own trash to the dump, roads will gradually start to deteriorate under the erosion of particulate desert wind, and the movements of trees will go entirely unwatched and unrecorded.

The City Council and Mayor Cardozo indicated that they had done everything in their power to prevent this shutdown – including requesting federal assistance, selling off city property, and making offerings of food and wine to the ancient sandstone idols out in the dunes – but that the catastrophic loss of employment and tax dollars (after StrexCorp shut down operations in town) were too much for even those measures to make up for.

StrexCorp Synernists, Inc., of course, was the former employer of every single person in Desert Bluffs, until the company’s rapid expansion plans into…nearby towns….led to their downfall and subsequent hostile takeover by beings who are definitely not angels. The not-at-all-angels closed down almost every Strex office, and laid off (or, as they put it, “liberated”) all former Strex employees, and at this point are mostly liquidating Strex resources in order to fund operas here in Night Vale.

Listeners, I feel for Desert Bluffs in their time of need. Mostly, I feel scorn and triumph. More on this never, as I don’t ever want to talk about Desert Bluffs again.

And now, a much more important story: Khoshekh, the cat floating exactly four feet off the ground in the men’s room here at the station.

We’ve received all sorts of calls and emails and distress signals and emergency flares and Morse code spelling out “HELP US! HELP US! WE HAVE BEEN HERE FOR WEEKS! GOD SAVE OUR SOULS!” – which I can only assume are all signs of the public’s insatiable desire to hear more cute kitty news. And what cute kitty news we have!

Khoshekh is reaching that time in a cat’s life when his skull is completely visible, and I have been taking adorable photo after adorable photo and putting them on Snapchat, with captions like “Who’s a good kitty?” and “Behold, my skull of terror!”

Whenever I get stressed at work, I just put on protective gear and inject myself with a number of preemptive antitoxins, and I go pet Khoshekh for a bit and listen to the low gurgling rumble of his purr.

His kittens are doing as well as their daddy, and some of them are getting nearly as big as Khoshekh was when I first found him. My favorite of the kittens is named Mixtape, and his anterior spines are coming in fast. He’s going to be a really big kitten when he’s fully grown – unmanageably huge. Oh, it’ll be adorable!

That’s about it for cat news. If there’s any more cat news, like Khoshekh doing something cute, or just looking cute in any way, we will immediately break into whatever ongoing news story it is that we are reporting, and let you know.

All right! Let’s do another round of my popular advice segment, “Hey There, Cecil!”

“Hey there, Cecil. My husband and I have a bet, and we were wondering if you could settle it. I think that the sky is made of gas and distance, while he thinks that the sky is hastily-painted plywood about 30 feet above the ground, built to hide us from the terrible truth of what is actually above us. That’s unrelated to the bet, which is: which of us wears this summoning cloak better? Pictures attached. Signed, Insecure Summoners in Cactus Bloom.”

Hey there, Insecure! Ooh, wow! OK. I’d say it’s a dead tie. It’s almost impossible to look bad in a summoning cloak. But more importantly, instead of arguing about who looks better in a cloak, you should appreciate how you each interact with the cloak in your own unique way. Cherish each other. Celebrate your summoning cloak styles, and save your arguments for that difficult and unsettling matter about the sky.

“Hey there, Cecil! My teenage son, like many children his age, can’t decide what kind of person he is. For instance, sometimes he is a kettle, and sometimes he is a bear, and sometimes he is a puddle of water. Many of these forms are difficult to drive to school, and I especially worry about his safety when he takes a form that can fly. 'No flying outside,’ I always tell him, but I worry that he doesn’t listen. What can I do to help my son through this difficult time? Signed, Worried Mom in Downtown.”

Hey there, Worried. You would think that we would all be able to easily understand a teenager’s struggle, most of us having been teenagers at one point. Well, except obviously those of us who age backwards. But, outside of the context of a young mind, the teenage experience does not have the same immediate, painful urgency that it does for those who are currently living through it. It sounds like your son is trying on new physical forms to see which ones work for him. Maybe he’s just searching for a physical form that other kids at school will think is cool. Whatever the issue, support him. Have sympathy for him, and most of all, keep him safe from others, and from himself. It’s his job to make bad decisions; it’s your job to make sure they’re not bad enough to cause real damage. Good luck!

Last letter:

“Hey there, Cecil! I have made a terrible mistake, and it consumes me. My life was once a life, and now it is an uncorrectable error. The arrival wakes each day, and feeds. It gives, and it takes. And it takes, and it takes…I would cry, but I don’t think there’s enough of me left anymore to make tears. What do I do? What do I do? Signed, Terrified in Shambling Orphan.”

Hey there, Terrified! It’s important to be able to forgive yourself for mistakes – even real doozies. Just do your best to make things right and move on, I say. Although, your mistake sounds…well, it does sound terrifying. I hope to hear nothing more about it.

That’s all the time we have today for “Hey There, Cecil!” Keep your calls and letters and psychic pleas coming in.

Listeners, it looks like the marathon through the Narrow Place is almost ready to go. Everyone in town is gathering at the starting line, with the help of the Towering Harbingers of the Distant Prince, who are using their toothy beaks and meaningful glances from their stomach eyes to indicate where people should stand.

It’s looking to be a fun race, and everyone is weeping.

Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, playfully tried to hide, but the Harbingers beat him at his own game, and the fun continued when they dragged him screaming to the starting line.

Even the City Council is in on the festivities, their ghastly powers being no match for the placid, unyielding might of the Harbingers.

I’m here, too – don’t think old Cecil is exempt! Me and Carlos are right here in matching Lycra shorts. He’s wearing his running lab coat, and the Harbingers allowed me to bring the mobile broadcasting equipment so I could continue to do this radio show, even though everyone can hear me talking live, because I’m right here with them.

Oh! And there’s Mayor Dana Cardinal, inaugurating the race by nervously chewing on a fistful of dirt. It won’t be long now before we are all surging forward, panicked, the Harbingers looming behind us until we are all forced through the Narrow Place. What good exercise that will be!

But, while we wait, let’s have a message from our sponsors.

Today’s sponsor is that gut feeling that you did something wrong, but you can’t think of what it could be. What was it? You feel so guilty, but your guilt has no target. It circles, and circles, but cannot land. You think back through the day, trying to find the source of the gnawing guilt, but there is nothing. And you realize that there never was a specific cause. It’s just a part of you.

You are the guilt. You are the shame.

And this only makes you feel more guilty, more ashamed, that these emotions are somehow tied into your very being.

As Albert Einstein famously said after he died, “The call is coming from inside the house.”

That gut feeling that you did something wrong, but you can’t think about what it could be. Try it today. And tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow.

This has been a word from our sponsors.

Finally, I think we just have time for this week’s horoscopes before the race.

Virgo: You should check under your bed before you go to sleep. That way the thing hiding in your closet will think you haven’t realized where it is yet.

Libra: All eyes are on you. Gross! Give them back!

Scorpio: Mars is intersecting with Mercury, which means your head is weirdly big for your body, and no one wants to tell you because they don’t want you to have the grace of self awareness. Ugh! Scorpios.

Sagittarius: You worry too much about earthquakes and plane crashes. You’re going to die of heart disease or cancer, just like everybody else.

Capricorn: Stop throwing your money away on expensive cars and nice clothes. The owners of those cars and outfits do not appreciate the crumpled dollar bills you keep throwing on them! And anyway, if you want to throw something away, that’s what garbage cans are for.

Aquarius: You’ve been so stressed lately. Why not just sit outside tonight, relax, look up at the stars, and know basically nothing about the world you live in.

Pieces: Scorpions are not as dangerous as everyone thinks. Try to concentrate on that. It’ll help you feel a little calmer tomorrow.

Aries: I know this is a hard time for you, Aries, but remember: 'tis better to have loved and lost. It’s really great, just the best.

Taurus: Step on a crack, break your mother’s back. Pick up the phone, break your mother’s tailbone. Take your coffee with creamer, break your mother’s femur. The wizard’s spell has gone terribly wrong, and you must not move at all until it is reversed.

Gemini: You will meet a tall, handsome stranger. He will introduce himself, you will come to know him well, and he will know you well. He will grow older. His skin will sag and thin. He will no longer be handsome. He will no longer be a stranger. He will no longer be most of the things he once was. He will be a close friend, an old friend, one you’ve known for years, and with whom you are settling down into that final stretch of life. But he will always be tall. So tall. Very, very tall.

Cancer: I’m not saying this is bad news, but the stars just say “Aaaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!” I mean, maybe that’s a good sign, right? Right? It’s a very inexact science.

Leo: Today is your lucky day! Which is good news, because tonight is your unlucky night. But enjoy this lucky day until the sun goes down. Until the very second the sun goes down. And then…and then…

That has been this week’s horoscopes.

Oh! And…here we go!

Uh, there are the starting guns, pointing at all of us, ready to fire in case we decide not to run. Looks like the race has begun. Well, everyone, if we end up devoured by the Narrow Place, then at least we went out with one last fun family-friendly community event!

In any case, while we all get moving, let’s get the latest on the weather.

[“Black Eyes” by David Wirsig]

We went along the Crooked Path, down into the Deepening. And then we all, whether we wanted to or not, we went through the Narrow Place. We went through, and on to the other side.

There is no other side.

We went there. We sent messages in Morse code to the people we once had been, asking for help, but they could not help us. They were outside of the Narrow Place.

The Distant Prince was pleased. He gathered his Harbingers to him for the celebration. They cooed, and merged in and out with each other, taking startling forms.

We screamed.

They cooed.

We wore black coats and had never existed.

The Distant Prince wore a golden coat, and had always existed.

All darkness is just a thickness of birds. There is rustling in every shadow, every surface is alive!

We wore black coats and we went through it. We went through the Narrow Place.

So, it was another great marathon! I’m glad that our city government continues to encourage physical activity with fun events like this, and I’m proud of all of us for taking part. We will never be the same again.

But here’s a little secret for you: no one is ever the same thing again after anything. You are never the same twice, and much of your unhappiness comes from trying to pretend that you are. Accept that you are different each day, and do so joyfully, recognizing it for the gift it is. Work within the desires and goals of the person you are currently, until you aren’t that person anymore, and everything changes once again.

Stay tuned next for a different you, and a different you, and a different you again, each “you” denying their multiple nature.

And from the Narrow Place, where we wear black coats and have never existed, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Drake would like to add you to his professional network on LinkedIn.

76). An Epilogue (date)

In just a few days, the whole story will be known. This is what happens after.

Welcome to Night Vale.

The last couple weeks, as we all know, have been eventful ones. I’m not going to go over everything again – we all know what happened. We are well read, well informed people who have paid attention to the whole recent “KING CITY” affair. We know about the terrible ordeals that Diane Crayton and Jackie Fierro endured. We know how their troubles all ended up. And we know the truth about The Man in the Tan Jacket. We know all about him now, because of what Diane and Jackie found out. So I won’t go over all of that.

Instead, I’ll talk about the Barista District, which is experiencing a severe population spike, also as a result of that whole “KING CITY” thing. There are just so many helpful people wandering town, asking us if we want nonfat or 2%, and if they can get us a blueberry scone with that. You can’t open a hall closet or tunnel under your own lawn without a barista jumping out at you, asking if you want a tray for all of the coffee they’re going to give you.

So much coffee. Whether you want it or not.

“Here it comes! A crushing amount of coffee. Don’t run. You’ll never escape. Do you want a tray with that?”

More on this ongoing aftermath in a moment. But first, the news.

The government released a statement Friday, disavowing knowledge of any events which resulted from a recent gardening supplies sale that they may or may not have been involved with. A representative of the U.S. government, in association with the world government, the shadow government, the lizard people, and the watchers from beyond the stars, wrapped in a burlap cloak and speaking in a low croaking voice, said, “So, yeah, we recently sold surplus and used materials from a variety of secret government projects and experiments, all disguised as gardening supplies. And, yes, the resulting effects on human life and on the very nature of time were unfortunate, and yes, people died in ways that we did not previously think were even possible in this particular universe, but…basically, it comes down to this: America. Love it or leave it.”

When asked about any efforts that were being made to provide aid to those who were dislodged from the natural laws of the universe as the result of dangerous experimental materials sold in Night Vale under the guise of simple home goods and gardening wares, the representative only repeated, “America. Love it or leave it” – each iteration a little rounder, a little more abstracted, from human communication, until it was only a series of guttural sounds in the vague shape of what used to be words, as the representative retreated further and further into their burlap cloak until it collapsed, empty, upon the podium, smelling of compost and grain alcohol.

All in all, a pretty typical statement from the government, and hopefully this clears up that whole thing with the flamingos.

Due to the recent events we all have read about, the librarians have been more active than usual. Witnesses, who were paid to go witness by others who were afraid to get close enough to see, report that there is steam and sparks flying out of the Public Library’s many chimneys. Howling can be heard, both inside the building and from the mouths of the witnesses as, through the windows, they glimpse the terrible physical forms of the librarians.

There is even a few unconfirmed reports that, in the confusion of recent events, and the resulting damage done to the library building, one of the librarians may have escaped.

Of course, a disaster of that magnitude hasn’t happened since…oh, uh, I guess it would have been…last year? So, that doesn’t seem likely. Truly, it would be awful if it did, though. We lost so many people from so many different places the last time a librarian escaped.

One of the witnesses, James Patterson (oh – no relation to the famous local dairy farmer James Patterson) reported that perhaps the librarians have developed the power to mentally influence those around them, since the closer he got to the library, the more strongly he felt the urge to read books.

“Are there any good novels coming out soon?” he began foolishly asking, blind to the dangers that books present. “Oh, man, I could really use a new novel!” he babbled – the poor thing, not even understanding the ghastly words spewing from his mouth.

We have no idea if this event was an aberration or if librarians have truly developed the terrifying ability to make people want to actually read books. But all citizens would be well advised to stay clear of libraries, and any dangerous books they may see in bookstores everywhere quite soon. I mean, you should always avoid books and libraries, but now it might be worth taking extra precautionary measures, like scooping your eyes out with grapefruit spoons and triple-bolting your door.

And now, back to today’s epilogue.

The baristas are continuing to multiply. All over town, businesses that were recently useful, normal things (like gas stations, and antiques malls, and screaming sheds) are now suddenly coffee shops, full of identical baristas demonstrating their ability to illustrate, using steamed milk on coffee, the exact moment of your death.

This crisis makes me think of the Man in the Tan Jacket, who was with us in so many crises through our town’s recent history. What would he have done with this situation?

Perhaps, it would help to start at the beginning. The beginning is usually an awfully convenient place to start, right? But trying to find a beginning means grappling with the question of time.

Scientists have a game where they try to explain time to each other without laughing. No one has ever won.

The Man came to us first almost three years ago, a newcomer in a Tan Jacket. I remember him standing by the side of the road in the small puddle of light cast from a burning refrigerator.

And that is the thing – the remembering. When he was here, we did not remember him. We forgot him constantly, a Specter in a Tan Jacket. Now he is not here, and we remember him perfectly. Years of stories and experience come flooding back to us.

We remember him scampering over the walls of the Dog Park. We remember him showing us a map to a place very far from here, a place we did not understand at all. We remember him passing out pieces of paper – the content of which was a mystery, the physical properties of which were a nuisance.

But here, again, I cover a story we already know, because we all so recently experienced it.

Old Woman Josie released a statement to me, in person, as part of a conversation we were having privately – without her saying it was a statement. It was just a – a thing she said to me during a conversation. Anyway, here it is:

She said, “I always liked that Man in the Tan Jacket. Even when I was afraid of him and suspicious of him. Even when he showed up at my door in the middle of the night with that suitcase of his, the suitcase that constantly buzzed, knocking on my door and babbling about how he needed help desperately, how we had to help save his home…even then, as I was ignoring him in his hour of need, I liked him. Even when I forgot him completely, and had no idea he even existed, I liked him. You know, this fruit salad Carlos made is just delicious!”

And I agree with Josie’s statement. The fruit salad we were having at our lunch together was super good, and I wolfed it down, even though I’ve been trying to cut back on my meat consumption lately.

I got a little sidetracked there.

To get back to the point, we’re all likely going to be destroyed by an endless stream of baristas. Which is, of course, a direct result of the recent events involving Jackie and Diane.

So…there’s that.

Listeners, looks like we’re in need of a new intern. Intern Danielle has stopped coming to the office. I mean, Danielle had all these crazy conspiracy theories about how radio interns are “doomed,” so she wanted to stay inside and focus only on computer work. She steadfastly refused any field reporting assignments.

So I complied with her wishes, and let her run our social media accounts – which I thought would make her happy. But a few weeks ago, after giving her the simple and fun job of taking pictures of Khoshekh, our radio station’s live-in cat, for our official station MySpace as well as to my personal Google+ and Snapchat accounts, she just…stopped coming to work. I guess she just didn’t have it in her anymore.

But listen, if you’re more motivated to learn about a career in radio than Danielle, we’d love to have you come intern here at the station. All you need to do to become a community radio intern is not run away when station management surrounds you outside your home shouting, “This one is next! This one is next!”

And now, a word from our sponsors.

(Um, personally? I find the content of this ad…distasteful, given my earlier warning, but I’m informed by station management that I have to read it as written.)

Here goes.

Many of us like books. None of us like to admit it. We know that reading makes us deviants, perverts, freaks. Many of us might say – on the radio for instance – that books are dangerous and should be avoided. Even thinking the words “I like books” to ourselves makes us shudder with a secret shame.

We know that we should only be reading government pamphlets, and the prophecies on the back of cereal boxes…but again and again, we find ourselves returning to the dark sickness of literary language.

Who among us can say that they do not have, buried in a box of linens under their bed, a well-read copy of Brand New Ancients by Kate Tempest, or a collection of Annie Baker’s Vermont Plays?

Given all this, should we band together, deviant with deviant? A deviance so natural that it is no deviance at all, but an ingrained motion of the heart, a secret desire so common, that it is no more secret than the sun? Should we begin to admit, together, that we all sometimes like to touch and read books?

No! Of course not! We should be ashamed and hide our love of books from each other, heaping scorn and hypocritical anger upon anyone who dares to reveal that they have the same desires we do.

Harper Perennial. All of our literature is shipped to you in unmarked brown paper wrappings. Charges will appear on your credit card statement as DEFINITELY **NOT** BOOKS.

No one has to know you are a book reading freak.

This has been a message from our sponsors.

Ugh. Books.

The population of the Barista District continues to grow, doubling almost every hour, through no means known to modern science, antique science, or reverse science.

Carlos is working on a solution, but in the meantime, townspeople are overwhelmed and scared by the coffee options suddenly available to them. They are screaming. They are screaming and running away.

Larry Leroy, out on the edge of town, told me that he can see them now, the baristas, and that they are beautiful and surging.

“There are so many hands holding so much coffee! They are all so helpful! This might be it,” Larry is saying.

“Anything could be it,” he is continuing.

“Any moment could be the last one. We should always be prepared for the eventuality of no more eventualities. We all live on the narrow precipice, but also yeah! This barista thing is really going off, huh?” he concluded.

Perhaps if the Man in the Tan Jacket were here, he would have some idea, some solution, or even would just be there to add a comforting forgettable presence to this ongoing disaster. But of course, he is not here, and we all know why. We all know who he really is now.

Oh. Oh! Carlos is texting me. He…oh. OK.

He says that he has a solution to this whole barista thing.

Oh, hey! That’s quite clever!

And it also takes care of that…other problem. You know, the one I don’t even have to explain to you right now, because it was so frightful and all-consuming and fresh in our memories?

OK. While Carlos does his clever plan, I’ll do a clever pan of my own – which is taking you to the weather.

[“Endless Dream” by God Is An Astronaut]

And now, here we are, in the after.

Carlos’ plan…well, we read about what it was and how it turned out. No need to summarize here.

What do we do after such huge events have transpired? After the ones in danger no longer are (meaning either that they no longer are in danger, or that – in an existential sense – they just…no longer are)?

Well, I’ll tell you what I’ll do. I’m going to go bowling with Carlos. League Night is tonight, and we’ve gotten the team back together with Old Woman Josie. Of course, she can use her left hand again now, now that this affair we’ve been talking about is all over, so our scores should be up.

And…what else? The sky, of course, always that.

Let’s start there, and work our way down to Earth. Other cities, other places…this city. This place.

I imagine that soon, this town will settle back into the routine of its existence, until a new peril arises again soon. Like a heartbeat: a sudden, violent movement – and in between, a lull. In itself, a rhythm. A counterpart. A silence between the beats.

Night Vale in a lull: the doctors at the hospital going about their mysterious routines; the pawn shop (its name changed now, of course, after what happened recently); the Office District, and…oh? It looks like there is a large family of tarantulas heading there now, and they do not look happy. I would hate to be whoever it is that they’re looking for.

The Moonlite All-Nite Diner, where I’m sure Steve Carlsberg is going to stop by on his way home for a slice of invisible pie; our mayor, Dana, getting ready to finish her work; Carlos’ lab, where he is also finishing up his work (see you soon, Carlos!); and…and something else.

Over a housing tract, across town, I can see a dot in the sky, floating high above one of the houses, twirling and soaring higher. I can’t quite see what it is…but it’s lovely.

In any case, an entire town swinging back to the normal, getting on with life in the after. After all of the things that we all now know happened. All of us.

Except, of course, one person. A person missing. A person who we all missed. A person impossible to remember. A person now impossible to forget.

A Man in the Tan Jacket.

And what next?

Well, I think there may be other people, other stories to tell. We are, each of us, a vast story waiting for someone to tell it.

Stay tuned, in just a few days (or, depending on where you are in time, any day you decide to get around to it), for a four-hundred-and-one page factual report about the events that led to this epilogue – available in hardcover, eBook, or audio book from your favorite factual report retailer.

In the meantime, from after the whole of what you haven’t yet read, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: “Late capitalism” is such a sweetly optimistic phrase.

77). A Stranger (date)

When a window closes, so does a door. So do all the other doors and windows. The house is alive, and it doesn’t know you, and it is scared.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Today’s top story: there’s a strange person standing in the lobby of our radio station. This person is standing still, in front of the reception counter. Our receptionist, Lance, keeps asking the stranger if they need anything, or if they are here to see anyone. The stranger has not moved. Lance said that he never saw the stranger enter. He looked up, and the stranger was just there, about eight feet away from Lance’s desk.

The stranger has eyes that are darker than some people’s eyes, but lighter than other people’s eyes. The same could be said about the stranger’s hair, teeth, clothing, lips, and skin.

The stranger stands with their arms at their side, weight distributed evenly across the hips – a rigid but casual stance. The stranger can be seen breathing. It is hard to say exactly what the stranger is looking at. It is even harder to say what the stranger wants.

Lance told me he would update me on the stranger, and I will do the same for you, listeners.

Now it’s time for another Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner.

Did you know that over 70% of the earth’s surface is water? It’s true! Scientists believe that the other 30% is some kind of animal hide. Their data shows that the world’s continents comprise the leathery back of a slow-moving ocean beast. They don’t know specifically what kind of beast, but scientists hope that it’s cute.

Or, at minimum, non-venomous and fairly easy to take care of.

Scientists are hoping they’re wrong about all of this, but given that they’re scientists, that’s pretty much impossible.

Lest the beast reveal its true nature, please walk gently and speak softly so as not to alert it to your presence.

This has been Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner.

Mayor Dana Cardinal announced this morning that she has been in touch with neighboring city Desert Bluffs.

“It’s a disgusting town with terrible people, and we will no longer speak of them,” she would have announced, if she were me. But, here is what she actually said:

Dana: What does it mean to be a good neighbor, Night Vale? Is it enough that we introduce ourselves? That we say hello? That we avoid eye contact and have sturdy doors and call centers for reporting suspicious activity? How far out does neighborliness extend?

Because I have tapped my friend’s phones, and am using trained birds to record all of their activities, does that make me a kind person? A neighborly person?

It does.

But what about beyond what we can see? Who we can see? How far does our kindness extend? To the limits of our city? To the limits of our eyesight? To the end of our block? To the tips of our noses?

People of Night Vale, we have a chance to help a neighbor in need. I have been approached by our friends to the north…

W– wait, I– I’m being told it’s not to the north. To the east. Oh…which direction are they, then? What? It changes? Really?

Okay.

Shh. Shhhh!

…By our nearby friends in this desert.

Due to financial hardships, the people of Desert Bluffs are in need. We are all in this together, Night Vale. Sickness can spread, whether that sickness is viral or economic. We must not ignore our neighbors, our friends.

Today I have asked the City Council to negotiate a low-interest loan to Desert Bluffs, our proximate civic family. I think they would do the same for us.

[Dana starts sounding as if she is chewing something as she speaks]

If I sound passionate, it is because my heart is full of blood. If I sound boisterous, it is because my lungs are full of words. If I sound like I am eating, it’s because my mouth is full of dirt. Sometimes I chew on dirt when I’m anxious, or when I’m happy, or when I’m talking. I like chewing on dirt.

[Dana returns to regular speech, her mouth apparently no longer full]

I hope you will support your neighbors in whatever direction they live. I hope you will support my decision as mayor.

Good day, Night Vale.

Cecil: Mayor Cardinal’s deputy, Trish Hidge, said there would be no questions. She then picked the mayor up into her arms, pulled her cloak across their huddled bodies, and ran through the crowd, bowling over journalists and onlookers, and some random jogger who thinks he’s better than everyone else because he exercises publicly.

The City Council has already registered their opposition to the mayor’s plan to help Desert Bluffs. The City Council issued their own statement, which was to stomp into their room, slam the door, and play Rihanna very loudly.

I have to say, I agree with the City Council on this issue, listeners. I understand Mayor Cardinal’s concern about Desert Bluffs’ struggling economy, and she is a very kind and sympathetic person. But, as the poet Robert Frost once said, “Good fences make good neighbors. Really strong fences. With razor wire and turrets. Keep those neighbors out.”

And Frost was right.

I support Dana on most issues, but I say, save your sympathy for your own town’s people.

An update on the stranger standing in our lobby:

The stranger is still standing in our lobby. Lance approached them, but grew scared. The stranger stood so still that it became impossible to derive context from motion or activity. Any sound or movement the stranger might make would be completely divorced of linear narrative or conventional meaning. At any moment the stranger could suddenly lurch, or shriek, without apparent cause. Thus the clenching terror Lance felt as he neared the person in the lobby.

Lance mentioned he could hear breathing. It wasn’t labored, but it also wasn’t quiet.

“It was a person breathing,” Lance confirmed.

I’m not entirely sure how Lance confirmed that. I’m also not entirely sure how anyone can confirm anything, so let’s just go with what Lance says.

Listeners, if you’ve been trying to call into the station I apologize, as Lance is too frozen in fear to do much of anything. He thinks he sees the stranger moving, but he also thinks he does not. He is desperate for some explanation of this person’s presence in our lobby, but he has received none.

Lance is now crying, but without tears.

He is screaming, but without sound.

He wants so gain the courage to touch the stranger, to hit the stranger, to punch and punch and kick and claw at the stranger. He wants to feel the relief, a release from the madness of mystery. He would rather experience actual pain than wait any longer in anticipation of the unknown.

Lance wants to sigh, but he cannot. He doesn’t remember the last time he exhaled. He is not sure of what is real. So he is sorry if you keep getting our voicemail here at the station. It’s been a rough day.

More on this soon. But first, let’s have a look at this week’s Community Calendar.

Thursday afternoon, there is a free ice cream social for all members of the Illuminati. If you are Illuminati, please go to the secret underground bunker. There will be ice cream, streamers, and, of course, a bocce ball tournament. If you are not Illuminati, please disregard this notice. Maybe just stock up on some bottled water and bullets, and hope for the best.

Friday night, Dark Owl Records will host a 90s fashion night. Everyone is required to non-ironically wear t-shirts and hats from the 1990s, which were originally ironically worn t-shirts and hats from the 1970s. Owner Michelle Nguyen asked that everyone be as sincere as they can be. Irony will not be tolerated, only studied, museum-like, on puffy truck hats with clever witticisms like “HEY, BEER!” or “I LIKE HIGHWAY” or “DOG,” along with airbrushed pictures of rattlesnakes, eagles, hot glue guns, and screen doors.

Nguyen asked that I not invite the public to this event.

Oh.

Oooohhhhhhhhhh…I should have read the whole press release before reading that.

And…I…just received a…new press release from Dark Owl owner Michelle Nguyen, announcing that the event has been canceled because people know about it.

[Whispers] Sorry, Michelle!

On Saturday, StrexCorp – formerly a Desert Bluffs corporation and now a Night Vale business, owned and operated by beings who are definitely not angels – will be the headline sponsor of a new program called “Free Opera Day,” a weekly community event where anyone can hear opera at no cost. In fact, you don’t even have to go to the New Old Opera House to hear it! Opera will be broadcast from the municipal loudspeakers, which are located on every residential block in the city, and within most residential homes.

On Sunday, the Night Vale Opera will be running their most popular weekly program, “Opera Free Day,” where citizens are relieved of all opera for 24 hours. No one is allowed to play any opera at all. Armed soldiers from a private armed soldier corporation will walk the streets making sure no one is playing any opera.

“What is opera?” one armed soldier will ask the others.

“I don’t know,” another will reply.

“Could that be opera?” another will ask.

“Let’s go check it out,” they’ll all say, lifting their rifles and approaching what will appear to be an automated car wash.

Monday morning doesn’t really matter. Nothing ever did. Be silent, and look upward to the sky as if it had your answers. It does not. The sky is as dumb as rocks. Really dumb. You’ll figure that out early Monday morning, as you passively choose to experience the day in spite of its pointlessness, mumbling, “naught else remains to do,” while brushing your teeth.

And now a word from our sponsor.

Today’s show is sponsored by…well, it’s sponsored by…your mom.

She’s really nice, and she mailed us a ten dollar bill to sponsor this show. That’s well below our usual advertising rate here at the station, but your mom was just the sweetest!

She also wrote a letter saying that she hopes you’re having a fun time listening to the show, she knows it’s your favorite radio program (aww!), and wants you to know that she loves you very much (awwwwww!).

Your mom also wants to know if you’re still seeing that boy. He’s bad news, and she doesn’t like his tattoos. Not that people with tattoos are bad, that’s not what she’s saying, but…

“What do you think his skin will look like when he’s 60?” she added. “What do you think anyone’s skin will look like when they’re 60?” she said repeatedly.

She asked several quiet sad questions about the process of aging. Then she said she cares for you no matter what. She just wants you to be happy.

This message has been brought to you by your mom.

Good news, listeners! I’ve just learned that the stranger standing in our lobby has finally moved. Unfortunately, the stranger has begun walking slowly toward Lance. The stranger raised one arm, imperceptibly at first, but by the time the hand was nearly brushing Lance’s neck, Lance realized it and leapt out of the way.

Lance is currently standing behind his rolling chair, watching closely for the stranger’s next move, even though the stranger is moving so slowly as to appear motionless.

It’s like the old adage about the frog and the frying pan? I mean, they say if you put a frog in a frying pan and then turn up the heat very gradually, then you’re a sociopath who takes pleasure in the torture of innocent animals. Go easy on the frogs, OK? They’re adorable, and ecologically important, but also easy to trick into dying.

[Sound of a distant scream]

[*Gasp*] Oh my goodness! Lance!

Listeners, I must check on my colleague, uh, but first, I must take you to the weather.

[“Meet You at the Gate” by Jayne Trimble]

Listeners, we found Lance.

He was curled into a dark corner of the storage closet, his eyes dull, his jaw slack, his gray maw unnaturally long.

The stranger who had stood so quietly, so nearly still in the lobby before, is now nowhere to be seen. Likely, they are still in this very building, ready to show themselves again at any moment.

I bent down, and took Lance’s hand. He was always a good receptionist.

Well…he wasn’t that great. I mean, there’s no national receptionist ranking system, how am I supposed to know? I’ve never done it myself. Uh, he could have been a receptionist savant, for all I know about the field.

But Lance was a good man. He loved movies. He always dreamed of moving to Hollywood and becoming a makeup artist for major motion pictures. He loved doing makeup. But it was a dream deferred as he could never figure out where Hollywood was, or how you were supposed to get there. Most airlines and bus drivers would stare blankly at him when he tried to buy a ticket. It’s not on any map I’ve ever seen. It’s possible Lance just invented it to take his mind off the tedium of daily life.

Either way, his makeup skills came in handy, as he did himself up just like that poor girl in the closet from his favorite documentary, The Ring. Plaid skirt and white shirt, long hair, and a grotesque corpse face. He really nailed it!

I told him good job, he climbed out of the storage room and said thanks. I told him one day, someone will find out where Hollywood is, and he’ll go there and be a super-famous makeup artist.

He didn’t say anything. We stood in silence for several minutes.

Oh, I’m taking a continuing education class at the community college about the art of conversation. They said every good conversationalist should try to find five to seven straight minutes of no speaking, in order to let others talk. Lance is taking that same class, so we both gave the other person room to speak for those long silent minutes.

Finally, our intern Kate entered and told us her roommate called to say there’s a stranger standing just outside their apartment door. The stranger isn’t moving, or speaking, and won’t leave.

Kate said she needed to take off early to deal with this. She said this several times, each iteration slightly louder, slightly more strained.

Have a great rest of your day, Kate!

Oh, Lance has returned to his work, feeling better. I asked him to check for missed calls, as the light for the voicemail was rapidly blinking to indicate it was full. We apparently received dozens of calls from Night Vale residents reporting strangers – standing, silent, and unmoving – in their homes, or sitting in the back seats of their cars. A few residents were in their beds in the middle of the night when they turned and found a stranger there, lying beside them, empty eyes staring at nothing. Not moving.

Listeners, maybe take a moment to check outside your front door. Check for a silent strange face in your window, or just around the corner at the end of a hallway. Perhaps take an agonizing look into your shower. Just in case. Make sure there is no one there.

If there is, well, be patient. They move pretty slowly, it turns out.

You know what? Maybe hide until the stranger leaves. It’ll be fine…but maybe hide. Or run away. Maybe just huddle down, close your eyes, and hope one isn’t near you right now.

Stay tuned next for the sound of human breathing. Which is probably just your own breathing…probably.

As always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: I’m a single issue voter. If the candidate is not a baby polar bear, I straight up cannot support them.

78). Cooking Stuff: Thanksgiving Special (date)

Cook a feast no family could fully eat, recite prayers no family could fully believe, and acknowledge a frightful history no family could fully comprehend.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Cecil: We have a treat for you today, Night Vale: a Thanksgiving edition of Cooking Stuff with Earl Harlan. Our guest, of course, is Earl Harlan, sous chef at Night Vale’s most celebrated restaurant, Tourniquet. Thanks for being here, Earl!

Earl: Thanks for having me on, Cecil.

Cecil: Earl’s going to be talking us through preparing and cooking a basic Thanksgiving meal. I know a lot of you out there have your ancient family recipes, still on their original cave walls, but Earl might have some new techniques to help you spice up those old dishes, and there are a lot of people – like Carlos and me – who have never cooked (or even seen) a Thanksgiving turkey. It’s intimidating!

Where do we begin, Earl?

Earl: Well, it doesn’t have to be intimidating. On today’s show I’ll walk you through the five easy steps for the perfect Thanksgiving turkey – kill, clean, gut, stuff, and cook – also some essential dishes like mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce.

Cecil: That sounds great, Earl! But, before we get started, let’s get a news update about the trial of Hiram McDaniels.

Things are coming along in Night Vale’s trial of the century. Judge Siobhan Azdaq has been assigned this case. Siobhan is not actually a judge, she’s the theater writer for the Night Vale Daily Journal. But, given that Night Vale has never had a trial, we just didn’t have many judges around.

Since Siobhan has such a nuanced understanding of contemporary stage craft, but with an acerbic and unforgiving critical voice, she seemed a pretty good fit for deciding the fates of likely criminals – which is who she’d be dealing with. I mean, what innocent person gets arrested and brought to trial? Ha! No innocent person I’ve ever heard of! Ha-ha!

[Cecil clears his throat]

Hiram McDaniels, a literal five-headed dragon, has been charged with the attempted murder of current mayor Dana Cardinal, as well as conspiracy, assault, and willful destruction of private property.

The trail will be held just as soon as they can find a jury of Hiram’s peers. So far, they have found a salamander. But it’s tiny. And cannot speak human languages. Let alone hold still long enough to listen to the lawyers discuss jury selections. Also, it’s an amphibian, not a reptile, so…that’s pretty insensitive.

They did find another five-headed dragon available to serve on a jury, but it turns out she is Hiram’s sister, Hadassah, and she was none too happy to be called in for jury duty, let alone at her brother’s trial.

The prosecuting attorney, Troy Walsh, has been toying around with the idea of just…dressing people up like dragons, so that Hiram feels like he’s getting a fair trial. This seems the most equitable thing to do, since everyone knows that justice is less about what the law says, and more about how everyone feels about it.

More on the trial of the century as events develop.

Now, let’s get right back to Cooking Stuff with Earl Harlan.

Earl: Thanks, Cecil! So, let’s cook a turkey!

First step: find a turkey and kill it.

Cecil:Yum!

Earl: I shot mine, but you could use a knife, a bow and arrow, a heavy wrench, your teeth…whatever’s easiest for you.

The next step is to clean your bird. Pluck all of the feathers from its lifeless corpse. Cut off its head, and all six of its hooves.

Now, adventurist culinary experts out there could pickle those hooves and serve them with ice cream for a traditional Svitzish dessert.

Next, gut the turkey, and don’t be intimidated by the stench. Just stick your knife deep into its belly and allow everything to pour out onto the floor. You won’t need any of that mess.

Cecil: Well, my mother used to actually cook turkey organs for us. She said they were called giblets.

Earl: Oh, your mother lied to you, Cecil.

Cecil: Then what was she feeding us?

Earl: Let’s stuff this turkey! What do you say?

Cecil: Okay!

Earl: I used to make my stuffing from stale bread, but since wheat & wheat by-products can turn into snakes and kill you, I just take old newspapers, wad them up, and shove them into the turkey. They absorb most of the bird’s toxic fluids, so…same result, really.

After the stuffing, throw in some seasoning like salt and pepper, thyme, sage, a fistful of grass…anything you find lying around. Just put it in a pile on top of the turkey, and slide it into the oven.

While you’re waiting for it to cook, maybe catch a football game on television. I plan on watching some games this year with my son Roger. Last Thanksgiving we watched football together, but at the time I had just come into awareness of myself as an adult, and suddenly had this son that I didn’t know at all, so I didn’t know his name. It was awkward.

Plus, neither of us had heard of football, let alone its byzantine laws and restrictions on dancing.

We both sat silently, waiting for it to be over, wanting to speak to each other, unable to find the words.

Cecil: Not talking can be a blessing, Earl! Well, Thanksgiving football games are my favorite, because my brother-in-law doesn’t talk to me for hours.

Carlos likes watching the big parade, but I don’t deal well with gore so I cover my eyes and have him describe to me how they all die.

Earl: I’m trying to build family traditions with Roger. Trying to build anything with Roger.

Cecil: Fun. And, hey! I remembered to rent an oven for your appearance this time, Earl!

Now, you already prepared our turkey before the broadcast today. It’s cooking right now, low and slow at 675º. I can’t wait to taste it!

But first, a public service announcement:

The Night Vale Parks Department would like to remind you that bears are dangerous animals, and you should stay away from them.

Conversely, bears are also adorable! So it’s hard to want to stay too far away.

The Night Vale Parks Department understands bears look like they want hugs, and maybe they do want hugs! Maybe a hug would be just the thing to calm down their aggressive side. Who knows? In fact, the rangers over at the Parks Department are split right down the middle as to whether bears are dangerous or cute.

According to the new Parks Department brochure on wilderness safety, “It’s tough to say. I don’t know, try hugging a bear, see what happens!”

Earl: What a weird brochure. Bears are dangerous animals, Cecil. No one should ever hug…

Cecil: Let’s not argue, Earl!

This has been a public service announcement created by the Night Vale Parks Department, and paid for by a bunch of bears that pooled their money and bought some air time.

Let’s talk now about the ultimate Thanksgiving side, mashed potatoes!

Earl: Right. Mashed potatoes are a simple dish in concept, but they take skill to master. A lot of people think they only need to mix potatoes, stock, butter, and cream, but there’s so much more to it than that!

Cecil: Really? I’ve been using that standard recipe for years. It seems fine.

Earl: Oh, but Cecil, it could be so much better! For instance, you could cook those potatoes for about 45 to 60 minutes to really soften them up. A raw potato is quite hard to mash, let alone chew.

Cecil: Oh, I never thought about that!

Earl: People also forget to take the butter out of its wax paper or foil wrapping. You should definitely unwrap your butter before using it. Also, make sure your cream is fresh. You don’t want to use any heavy cream older than, say, six months.

Cecil: Amazing! I would have never thought of any of this!

Earl: And listen, salt and pepper are fine for mashed potato seasoning, but if you really want to step your dish up a notch, really have your family clamoring about your kitchen skills, then let me tell you my secret spice mix.

Cecil: What is it, Earl?

Earl: I used slightly more salt, and a little extra pepper. Just a tad.

Cecil: Amazing!

Earl: Then you just put it on a pot and mash it with your feet until it’s warm enough to serve.

You know, I recently made this dish for me and Roger.

Cecil: Did he love it?

Earl: I couldn’t tell. He ate it, and then said, “Thanks, um…”

And then I said, “Dad?”

And he said, “Okay.”

And he went to bed.

Cecil: Aw. How sweet.

Earl: Lately I noticed he wakes up in the middle of the night and just walks. I got up quietly and followed him one night. He walked out of the house, and into the neighborhood. He walked down each street in our subdivision, never backtracking or walking the same street twice. He didn’t stop or look at anything. He just walked in the darkness.

Once a hooded figure passed him, but neither of them acknowledged each other. The hooded figure saw me for sure, but I think they also saw that I was just a concerned father, and was not interested in spying on any of their secretive activities. The hooded figure nodded and let me pass.

Cecil: And Roger…came home after that?

Earl: Yep. He walks each street, each night in a different pattern, and then returns to bed.

Cecil: Quite an adventurous kiddo you have there!

Let’s pause now for a word from today’s sponsor. With that, here’s Deb, a sentient patch of haze.

Deb: Hello, human listeners. Today’s show is proudly sponsored by corn. It’s almost Thanksgiving, after all, and you wouldn’t have Thanksgiving without corn.

Thanksgiving is America’s holiday. Corn is America’s crop. America’s life blood. You can’t live without corn! If we didn’t have corn, we wouldn’t have tortillas, or syrup, or soft drinks. Without corn, we wouldn’t have dogs, or cars! We wouldn’t even have a moon. Everything is made of corn!

Listen to your heartbeat. “ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzph!” You hear that heartbeat of yours? I’m a patch of haze, I don’t know what a heartbeat sounds like. But this is what I imagine it sounds like. “ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzph!” That sound in your chest is corn, my friend. All that corn, pumping through your delicate mortal veins.

You didn’t choose how ya got here. Neither did corn. You are both products of free market and overpopulation.

Corn. Eat it.

This message is brought to you by the Corn and Imaginary Corn Farmers of America.

Cecil: Thanks, Deb!

Earl: It’s really humid in here!

Cecil: That’s Deb for you!

Well, speaking of corn, that brings us to my favorite Thanksgiving dish, cranberry sauce!

Earl: A lot of people look down on canned cranberry sauce, but don’t be so quick to judge! It’s inexpensive, easy to store, and – with the right preparation – you can elevate this plain can of red gelatin into the most talked-about dish on the table.

Cecil: Great news! I have an entire cupboard full of canned cranberry sauce. I’m looking forward to hearing what I’m supposed to do with it.

…Earl?

Earl: I found Roger one evening in the cupboard. He was just sitting there. He wasn’t hiding, or crying.

I asked him what he was doing and he shrugged his shoulders. I asked if he was all right, and he said, “Sure.”

Cecil: Tell me, how is he doing in school?

Earl: It’s been up and down. There’s no record of his birth, or his existence prior to last Fall. I don’t know of any birth mother, and he has no memories prior to showing up at my house for the first time a little over a year ago.

The school has let him enroll and take classes despite his lack of paperwork. He gets along with most kids okay…but some tease him. They call him names like “Ghost Child” and “Zombie Kid” because his skin is grayish and decaying, and he is nearly transparent.

Cecil: Ouch. Kids can be cruel.

Earl: He’s really good in class, though! He’s still in elementary school because he looks about eight or nine, but his teacher Ms. Blackwell says he has adult-level reading and math skills, so we’re trying to get him more advanced material. He’s been reading Emmanuel Kant for a book report.

Cecil: Roger’s such a bright kid. You’re a good father, Earl. You know that, right?

Earl: I have no idea what he’s thinking, Cecil. I try to talk to him but he seems…distant? Bored? I don’t know.

Cecil: He’s a child. It's– it’s difficult. I imagine. For what is essentially an adopted child to–

Earl: He’s not adopted, though! He looks just like me, Cecil! See? Here’s a photo of him, and here’s one of me when I was a child.

Cecil: Oh, wow! You two are identical! When was this photo taken of you? Is…is that a steam locomotive in the back–

Earl: AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH! FIRE!

Cecil: Oh, my! Listeners, it appears our oven has caught fire.

[Cecil coughs]

Earl: Here! Here!

[Cecil coughs several more times]

Cecil: Where are you?

[Cecil coughs again]

Earl?

Oh, there’s so much smoke!

Listeners, while I find Earl, let me take you all

[Cecil coughs yet again]

…to the weather.

[“Autumn’s Echo” by Stripmall Architecture]

Cecil: Well, our turkey has finished cooking, and you’ve laid out a whole Thanksgiving spread for us here, Earl. It looks delectable!

Earl: Yeah, the turkey came out perfectly! Once the oven catches fire, that’s when you know it’s time to take out your bird and dig in.

Cecil: Well, oh! Let me start by tasting the cranberry sauce.

Mmmmmmm! Oh, that’s so good! It’s got that perfect balance of tart and sugary sweetness I like, plus the crunch of the frozen corn mixed in just gives this gooey dish a delightfully complex texture.

Earl: I also recommend mixing in a handful of bay leaves at the end.

Cecil: Yum!

And now let’s try these Earl Harlan special mashed potatoes.

Mmmmmm! So buttery and warm! Like the skin on the bottom of a human foot.

Earl: And don’t forget my secret spice mix!

Cecil: Oh-ho! I’ve already forgotten.

Let’s move on to the crown jewel of Thanksgiving dinner, the turkey. Tell us about this masterpiece, Earl.

Earl: Turkey is easier than you think, listeners. Don’t be intimidated! I shot this bird, drained its blood, tore all of its feathers off, removed its organs, and cut off its head and feet. Then, I stuffed things into its dead body, and put it in an oven.

Cecil: Let’s give it a taste.

[Cecil chews]

Mmmmm!

[Cecil chews]

So…

[Cecil chews]

Oh…okay…

Huh.

Earl: That’s so nice of you to say, Cecil!

This show has meant a lot to me today. I’ve been having a tough…well, a complicated year. And cooking, cooking has brought me so much joy…well, distraction.

It’s a real pleasure getting to spend time with you and your listeners.

Cecil: Earl? Come over to our place for Thanksgiving.

Earl: I…

No.

Cecil: Yes! Please! Carlos and I would love to have you and Roger…

Earl: Who?

Cecil: Your son?

Earl: Right. Right!

Cecil: We’d love to have you two over. My sister and her husband are coming, plus my niece Janice will be there, so that would be someone Roger could talk to and play with!

Earl: I don’t want to intrude. Can you even fit that many people?

Cecil: Oh, of course! Plus, Carlos and I will do the cooking. No working for you this holiday!

Earl: Cecil, I don’t know what to say!

Cecil: Well, actually we might need a hand with the cranberry sauce. I have over 20 cans of the stuff I need to prepare.

But, other than that, you and Roger just sit back and try to understand the point of football. Maybe even have Carlos describe the torture scenes from the parade to you both? Eek!

Oh! Keep Steve occupied and out of the kitchen while I’m cooking!

Earl: Thank you, Cecil.

Cecil: You’re welcome.

Ah! I can’t wait to try out all these new recipes. I’m gonna go out and assassinate a turkey right after the broadcast today, I’m that excited!

Listeners, thanks again for tuning in and thanks to Earl Harlan of the restaurant Tourniquet for these helpful cooking tips!

Stay tuned next for a nearly-exact repeat of this same show, but with the addition of one extra word that changes the meaning of everything.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: If a car flashes its brights at you, it’s probably a gang. And if you flash your brights back, the gang gives you cake. It’s a cake gang.

79). Lost in the Mall (date)

We brought something back with us, something we cannot escape: memories of a great vacation to deepest space! And, the merciless Distant Prince.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners, it is a solemn day here in Night Vale. Even more solemn than last year’s Solemnity Fest, during which three people were overcome and had to be revived with party hats and whoopee cushions.

Today is Remembrance Day, that special day once per year when we interrupt our routines to reflect upon those who probably sacrificed their lives for us in the endless Blood Space War. We’re not sure whether they are alive or dead, because there is a thousand-year difference between our time and those who fight for us on the vast intergalactic battlefields where time converges.

But, we assume that they are all heroes.

On this day, we put aside our political differences – even deeply bitter, divisive differences, like the belief or disbelief in mountains – and we all come together to remember those who will die thousands of years from now, and hope that the impossibility of victory is less impossible than before.

Like any deeply painful and serious subject, it is best remembered through the medium of a civic parade.

Looking out of the studio I can see the parade route is packed with onlookers, and everything is getting underway. The symbolic dead lead the procession, each of them wearing the mask of one of those who went into the distance of time and can never return.

Behind them is a float depicting the enormous serpent whose mouth contains the universe, a playful reminder to us all that even the stars must someday be swallowed.

Following that apparition comes our mayor, and my friend, Dana Cardinal, in her ceremonial mayor’s coffin.

Behind her are the Citizens for a Blood Space War, still over 600 million dollars left to hit the fund-raising goal for their bomb that may destroy reality as we understand it. Get those cookies in the oven for the next bake sale!

A brief departure now from the parade in progress.

All this week, we have been reaching out to you, the listeners, and asking for stories about how the Blood Space War has affected your lives. You heard from the Black Dauphin on how to grow a victory garden inside your body, and Sarah Bismuth shared the story of her Etsy store where she sells dolls that represent individual soldiers in the Blood Space War, showing the actual wounds they will someday suffer.

And now, today, in her own words, I bring you the story of a girl whose father volunteered to fight. Let’s listen together.

[Sound of a tape player being started]

Basimah: Uh, I’m Basimah Bishara and I am a junior at Night Vale High. My father, Faqir Bishara, left to join the Blood Space War when I was six.

I remember the glowing doorway he stepped through when the tall, silver-skinned recruiter came to our house, and the sound of it, like, a slide whistle going up, but the most tragic slide whistle I’ve ever heard. My dad was gone forever…but also, he isn’t gone at all.

I think I’m a regular student…whatever that means. I haven’t grown wings like the cheerleaders, but I fit in. I’m bad at math. I mean, I used to be good at it, but I think I stopped paying attention. It seems like it was pointing toward a truth I didn’t want to learn.

I’m really good at science and English. I used to be in marching band; now I prefer guitar. Me and my friends formed an all-girl thrash group. We’re called The Misfits.

I guess how it works is that, once a year for the first hundred years of Dad’s journey, they’re going to wake him up and allow him to send a message back to Earth. I have a big family, so it’s not like I don’t feel loved.

Sometimes I feel like it would be easier if my dad couldn’t get in touch with me at all.

No, I don’t wish that. I love him!

I wish he never left.

The messages show up on my night stand in these gelatinous gashapon capsules. They are warm and soft in my hands. The words are printed on a tiny roll of plastic inside.

He only gets to send one every year, and he always sends it to me right around my birthday, but not exactly on my birthday. I don’t know whether he’s getting it wrong or they are. Or, maybe, it’s just time being weird again. I like to believe it’s that.

To my dad, he left 11 days ago but to me, it’s most of my lifetime. I’ll be an old woman and he’ll still be on his way to the war sending letters to a me that he remembers from just a few weeks before.

It’s stupid.

It’s not stupid, I guess.

It is stupid, though. It is.

[Sound of a tape player being stopped]

Cecil: More from Basimah in a bit, but we need to update you on the parade.

Aah, here comes The Emissary, listeners! It wouldn’t be Remembrance day without a visit from the only entity to ever return from the war. It has been hauled up from the pit, and yes, here it comes!

No one knows what The Emissary is, or why The Emissary inhabits a cosmonaut’s suit.

Oh! It’s lifting the visor and giving us a glimpse at the void within the helmet. And it’s…it’s saying something! Um, I’ll try to interpret.

“All these things are meaningless. End the war.”

Well, of course, that’s the whole point, isn’t it, listeners? If we end the war, it will go on eternally. We must continue the war to bring it to an end. It’s why all those brave people enlisted, and keep enlisting, and will enlist forever.

And there goes The Emissary, a solemn reminder of why our volunteers continue to fight in the Blood Space War. Ah. What a brave being!

Soon we will trap it back in its pit.

Speaking of those volunteers, the Night Vale Veterans of a Blood Space War Association is holding a fish fry this Saturday to raise money for a statue of the unknown soldier, to be built 1,000 years in the future – by which time we may know who the soldier is. Bring friends, family, fish, and whatever else you would like fried over to the VFW Hive located in the space between the walls at the abandoned cannery.

Oh! Uh, oh no! Uh, while I avert my gaze from the Shriner’s homunculi, let’s have a word from our sponsors.

Do you have dry eyes? Red eyes? Goat eyes? Aphid eyes? Any other eyes you’re not currently using? We want your eyes at Richter’s Eye Glass Hut!

We give you money for your unwanted eyes and turn them into glass for affordable window panes.

How? Don’t ask questions.

Come on down to Richter’s Eye Glass Hut, located conveniently off the highway helix in the shadow of the immense precarious rock.

No longer accepting potato eyes or the eye of a storm. Not responsible for our windows watching you while you sleep.

And now, let’s return to Basimah’s story.

[Sound of a tape player being started]

Basimah: “The ship is so big, it makes me think of big things, Basi.”

That’s what he calls me. It was my nickname when I was six.

I’m not six.

It all comes out of him at a jumble.

“They say what we are going to fight is an idea like a color or pride, but it can kill us. If the idea gets inside you, then it’s over. Basi, do you remember the song we used to sing you to put you to sleep? Paula Abdul, Rush Rush.”

And then he wrote the whole song out, but he got a bunch of the lyrics wrong. I guess he was doing it from memory.

I got a capsule two months ago telling me he wants me to be a doctor so I can cure one of the big diseases like cancer. “Like cancer,” there is nothing like cancer. There is just cancer.

Sure, I’ll cure that, space-dad. No pressure, right?

Most of the messages my father sends me are lists of ways I need to live my life, things I should do and shouldn’t do, you know? He told me to pray every day, and obey my mother. When I was nine he warned me not to kiss a boy until I was 16, which…well, I guess good news for him there!

Divergence started with little things. He said I should get a puppy for my eighth birthday, but I got a snail. When I was 15, he wanted to make sure I had started wearing my hijab. Mom said I should make my own choices, so sometimes I wear it, and sometimes I don’t. Like, always at mosque, but not that often at school. That sort of thing.

My father is talking to a person who isn’t me, to a person that doesn’t exist. He has imagined my entire childhood and young adulthood. He brings up obvious milestones, like starting high school or that first kiss, but…he doesn’t know about that car accident I spent most of my 14th year recovering from. I can’t tell him about the poems I write, or about the fact that I have a girlfriend, not a boyfriend.

He’s a ghost to me and my mom. Or, maybe, since he’s going to be around long after I’m gone, I’m the one who’s a ghost to him.

I take some comfort knowing my dad got paid a lot of money for joining the Blood Space War. Enough to take care of me and Mom for a long time and, really, having a space-dad is just another way to have a family. Everyone’s got their own thing, you know?

Like, all of The Misfits. Clara is in a nuclear family straight from the 1950s but, like, literally from the 1950s, even as she lives her life in 2015. Neesha has a council of fathers. Jacqueline’s mom is a spider. So long as you are loved, it doesn’t matter.

So my dad’s a space ghost. I can deal. I just wish Dad loved me, not the me who I was 11 years ago.

Or maybe I’m not OK with it. Maybe I wish he would come back. I wish he would be a dad to me, not to the ghost of me that haunts him.

[Sound of a tape player being stopped]

Cecil: More with Basimah coming up, but first, the weather.

[“Sharon” by Good San Juan]

The parade has ended. Most of the onlookers have ceased to look on, and the wind is gathering up the paper Remembrance Day masks, and depositing them in a random scattering across our sidewalks and streets.

A lone dog I recognize from a recurring dream is staring at me from a block away. A dark van rumbles past. Everything is calm and quiet once again and…

[Cecil is interrupted by a sound not unlike several flutes]

Oh! Oh, my!

Oh! You startled me.

Uh, listeners, The Emissary has appeared in the studio without warning…without even opening a door. It is sitting in the chair next to me and slowly rotating. Its visor is open, and I’m being forced to stare at the ineffable darkness within The Emissary’s helmet.

[The sound not unlike several flutes again]

Uh, I believe it is asking if I understand the nature of unreality.

Um, Emissary, I understand dreams, and fantasies, and this gooey sometimes-incredible sometimes-painful world that surrounds us, but I can only experience it with my seven senses.

[The sound not unlike several flutes again]

Listeners, The Emissary is saying that the nature of unreality is that experience and reality are linked, but separate. What is experienced may not be real. What is real may never be experienced.

Well, so far this is just basic geometry, like we all learn in the third grade. Where is The Emissary going with this?

[The sound not unlike several flutes again]

The Emissary is saying…in a thousand years, we will turn the vastness of space red for no reason. There was never a purpose to this war we made.

But…if Remembrance Day has taught me anything, under strict order of the Sheriff’s Secret Police, it is that war is a purpose unto itself.

[The sound not unlike several flutes again]

Um, The Emissary is asking me to…end the conflict.

[The sound not unlike several flutes again]

But…

I’m sorry, Emissary, I– I– I do not have the power to end the Blood Space War. After all the blood that has been spilled in space, or will be spilled, or…may be spilled at some theoretical point in the future, I– I’m just a humble radio host. And you are a sentient nothingness inhabiting the suit of a dead cosmonaut. How could the two of us hope to stop a war? I don’t know!

I just don’t know.

The Emissary is gone, as though it was never here. Maybe it wasn’t. After all, this moment was only something I experienced, not something I know is real.

Let’s hear the rest of Basimah’s tape.

[Sound of a tape player being started]

Basimah: People always say to me, “You must be proud of your father going off to fight in the Blood Space War.” I used to say yes to that. Not anymore. I don’t care if it makes me selfish or ungrateful, my dad made the wrong choice and I want him back.

He wrote down the lyrics all wrong.

“You’re going to see, I’m gonna run, I’m gonna fly, I’m gonna bring this love back to you…”

[The sound not unlike several flutes again]

Ah! How did you get in my room?

[The sound not unlike several flutes continues]

What are you?

What are you?

…Daddy?

Is that you, Daddy?

[Basimah laughs]

Daddy! Daddy!

[Sound of a tape player being stopped]

Cecil: Listeners, I don’t know how The Emissary ended up in this taped recording dropped off at the studio three days ago, given that The Emissary was only released from its pit this morning.

But then, I don’t know how my favorite type of pie is made, but when I order it, there it is, steaming and delicious! I don’t know how the mail gets delivered, but every day, like clockwork, it doesn’t! I don’t know how lost pets end up on the moon! But they do. And they have built an extensive city up there.

The clock claims it is now 12:01. Remembrance Day is over. We can all return to our lives, and to forgetting that the Blood Space War is going on. Or…will go on. Maybe. 1,000 years from now.

And maybe, in 1,000 years, plus a day or two, those brave volunteers we sent to fight in a war none of us understand will allow the most dangerous idea of all into their heads:

They will turn back, and return home, to us, against all laws of time and space.

Paraphrasing the half-remembered words of an ancient prophet, perhaps they will bring this love back to us.

Or, maybe, they already have.

Stay tuned next for events that will or will not happen in the order that they may or may not occur.

And from the present, as I am currently experiencing it, goodnight Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Ever wondered how a plane flies? Well, the answer is that no one knows. Pilots are scared to ask. If we ask, maybe it’ll stop working.

80). A New Sheriff in Town (date)

I fought the law, and the law won. I ignored the law, and the law won. I abided by the law, and the law won.

Welcome to Night Vale.

There’s a new sheriff in town, Night Vale. The former sheriff, whose name we never knew, whose face we never saw, and whose voice was only ever heard through a vocoder, is gone. Our former sheriff was secretive, reclusive, really into classical music, and kleptocracy, rarely made public appearances, and, when he did, it was with a balaclava and cape.

The new sheriff has a more public persona, refusing to wear the traditional mask or cape, and actually allowing their first name to be known (it’s Sam, by the way).

The sheriff called a press conference this morning to announce that they are taking over the Secret Police, effective immediately.

More on this story as it develops. But first, an editorial.

It’s the holidays, Night Vale. I know many of you will get to spend this time with people you love. I know I’ll be sharing some eggnog with my dearest family: Carlos, Abby, Janice…others.

But, let’s not forget those people who quietly make our lives better. The postal carriers, the baristas and food servers, cab drivers, and the agents from a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency who sit outside our homes, night after night, recording all of our conversations and activities. Think how boring a job domestic espionage must be. They are out there at all hours. Do they ever get to sleep? Or spend holidays with families? Or take vacations? Who even knows?

So, the other day, swept up in the holiday spirit, I took some delicious pfeffernuesse cookies out to the windowless van across from my home, and gave them to the agent sitting in the back. Her name is Monica Barnwell, and she was just a lovely person. She appreciated that I recognized all the hard work she has put in the last several years surveilling me, and I thanked her for her service to our community.

We had some small talk, and then I said, “well, gotta get back to my dull life!” as I looked down at my shoes.

She said, “Thanks, Cecil.”

And then I said, “Monica, would you like me to…I don’t know…question the world government, or be more anti-war, or talk more like a political dissonant, or something? Just to make your day a little more exciting.”

“Oh, that’d be so fun, Cecil, thanks!” she said.

Then I went back inside and told my boyfriend I wanted to get a beret. Either red or camouflage.

So Night Vale, this holiday season, think about all the people you may take for granted. You don’t have to give them a gift or anything; just a thank you, and a smile for all their hard work is enough. And, if you have any particularly juicy secrets, consider brightening some agent’s day by announcing them in a loud, clear voice to the nearest hidden microphone in your home.

The new sheriff has spoken. They opened their press conference with the following statement:

“Citizens of Night Vale, we have a crisis on our hands, and that crisis is…”

Then the sheriff performed a ten-minute modern dance piece, set to music by Steve Reich (of course), that frantically yet lyrically conveyed a disdain for the fiscal irresponsibility of current mayor Dana Cardinal.

The press corps loved the piece, especially its subtle tribute to choreographer Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker’s sweeping repetitive style, even though the Sheriff’s muscular, longitudinal movements obviously indicated heavy training in Lester Horton’s methodology. They applauded politely, and the sheriff continued with their speech. Quote:

“Our Secret Police force has been secretly requesting budget increases to help cover overtime and new equipment. Maybe you didn’t know about it,” the sheriff said, “because it, you know, secret and all. But we were requesting it, secretly. Don’t print that! It’s a secret!”

The sheriff went on.

“Instead, the mayor has decided to use our money to help the citizens of our unfriendly neighboring town, Desert Bluffs. We will not only see a rise in crime, because we have a mayor who decided to disrupt our stable economy, but we will also face a lack of financial ability to effectively stop this crime.

“I will secretly undermine the mayor’s authority, with the help of the City Council and some lizard people I know, to keep Night Vale ’safe.’

“Hey! Don’t report my finger-quotes around the word ‘safe.’ They’re secret!

“This is my promise to you, as your new sheriff.”

One reporter then asked, “Umm, what happened to the old sheriff?”

The new sheriff responded by painting a canvas entirely blue.

More on this story, but first, an update on the trial of the century.

Judge Siobhan Azdaq has brought in a computer programmer named Melony Pennington to develop the first-ever all-A.I. Jury for the trial of Hiram McDaniels. Attorneys have had a difficult time finding a jury of peers for McDaniels, as he is literally a five-headed dragon and, outside of his family, seems to be the only one of his kind in the area. Not knowing how to find actual dragons to serve on the jury, and not willing to have a five-headed dragon unfairly juried by all humans, judge Azdaq called for science to solve this problem. Because, according to Azdaq, science has solved every other problem.

Both the prosecuting attorney, Troy Walsh, and the court-appointed defense attorney, also named Troy Walsh, agreed that this is a fair solution, “and artificial intelligence is probably a thing anyone with a Macbook and some Red Bull has already mastered, like, years ago,” they said in unison, with identical smiles and matching haircuts.

Pennington has been working with young computer prodigy, Meghan Wallaby, who is an 11-year-old girl who inhabits what once was the body of a Russian sailor, and also was only born three years ago. But then, the specifics of her identity and her manifestation within time are really none of your business.

Wallaby is helping Pennington engineer a sentient program that can think exactly like six different five-headed dragons. Meghan has had a real affinity for computers ever since the…uh, the incident in the school gym that one time.

The other members of the jury will be humans. Auditions for those jury slots will be conducted Wednesday at the Night Vale Community Theater.

Four of Hiram’s five heads are being brought up on charges of conspiracy and attempted murder of our mayor. The fifth head, the violet one, is being courted as a key witness by the prosecution, but they’re having a difficult time getting a private conversation with it.

The trial is scheduled for early next year.

Oh, by the way, listeners, I ran into former station intern Maureen! I actually didn’t notice her at first, as I was listening to an album I just got. It’s a new musical about Alexander Hamilton, who became our nation’s fourth president because he successfully killed former vice president Aaron Burr in a duel.

Anyway, the soundtrack is fantastic, and I was totally engrossed in my lip syncing and self-styled choreography when I saw Maureen waving to me from down the street. I saw she was with someone, but his baseball hat was pulled down over his face, so I didn’t get a good look at him.

Maureen then asked me for a letter stating she’d completed her internship, because she needed those two credits for college. I reminded her she spent most of her internship flickering in and out of existence, so…I couldn’t write the letter. But, I was really excited to see she was dating someone.

Then she said something about not assuming people are dating just because they’re hanging out, blah blah blah, I don’t even like boys, blah blah, but I kept staring at the boy in the ball cap, and I did not like him one bit. I felt like I knew him from somewhere, but I couldn’t put my finger on where.

Oh, well. I’m sure it won’t come up again.

I told Maureen it was a good thing she wasn’t into boys, because this one seemed like bad news.

“Really bad news,” I whispered, and Maureen groaned and rolled her eyes in what I assume was agreement.

Then I said, “Good seeing you!” and walked away.

She shouted, “Come back!” and “Where’s my credit letter?” while waving her fist and cussing, which is (I guess) how kids today say “goodbye.”

Oh, listeners! I need to make an apology. Earlier in today’s show, I mentioned giving some cookies to the agent from a Vague, Yet Menacing, Government Agency, and in the process I revealed her full name as Monica Barnwell, and the location of her operation as in front of my home. Because of this security breach, Monica has apparently lost her job as a secret agent and had to go into hiding for the rest of her life, changing her looks and identity, and never seeing her family or friends again.

Really sorry about that one, Monica.

Let’s have a look at traffic. What do you say?

Feet apart, toes together. Right foot turned 45 degrees. No need for mathematical precision, but if you have a protractor, break it into pieces and swallow it. Absorb its numbers like nutrients. Bend your knees. Bend other things that allow for bending. Do not force malleability.

That right foot, though? What’s it doing? Did you move your foot?

Memories aren’t real.

Do you control your self? Not if you don’t remember being in control. Maybe we pretend to have experienced things so we don’t have to actually understand why they happened.

Your foot is flexing now. Why? What silent siren’s song calls your right foot?

You are sitting. You are passive, still.

Your left foot idles in the dark, complacent and obedient.

Your right foot serves a greater god. It flexes for its idol, all plastic and steel, and full of fire and fumes. Your right foot wishes for you to pray with a clear mind, and open eyes.

This has been traffic.

And now an update on the new sheriff’s press conference.

The sheriff announced that while they couldn’t do anything about the money the mayor has already wasted on neighboring towns, the Secret Police would certainly make it clear to anyone from Desert Bluffs who might be trying to enter Night Vale that they would not be wanted.

The sheriff announced a plan to tag all Desert Bluffs citizens with bright orange hats that have the word “UNWANTED” written in blinking L.E.D. lights across the front.

As the sheriff said this, several journalists shifted uncomfortably in their seats. This is because their seats were uncomfortable, but they still nodded excitedly about the sheriff’s cool new idea.

One journalist pointed out, though, that the orange hat thing would be an added expense, what with having to print up hats and design the L.E.D.s and all that. “And this whole press conference seems to be about our city’s lack of funding for new projects,” the journalist said.

In the tense silence that followed, the journalist added, “Plus, everyone from Desert Bluffs is pretty easy to identify, what with all the blood on their sh–”

But then the reporter was helpfully tackled and muzzled by the other reporters who did not want to get off on the wrong foot with the new sheriff.

As the great television news man Edward R. Murrow once said, “Hey, don’t rock the boat, okay?”

In the commotion, no one seemed to notice the appearance of several strangers, standing around the perimeter of the conference room. Our new station intern Kareem was there, and claimed the strangers really didn’t appear so much as seemed to have always been there, even though he was positive they were not there at the start.

They were completely still, except for their breathing. They were definitely breathing. And everyone heard it.

No one knew what the strangers wanted, but they were certain it wasn’t good.

The members of the press stepped backward into the middle of the room. They waited. And from the silence came a noise. There came a sudden…

Oh. It’s almost 20 past the hour, listeners. I had better get to the weather report. Here you go.

[“She Knows” by John Fullbright]

Where was I? Ah, a-ha.

They waited. From the silence came a noise. Then there came a sudden…

OK, yeah. Basically, everyone was quiet until a reporter asked the sheriff, “Who are these people? Will the Secret Police protect us?”

The sheriff did not respond. It was quiet, save for the strangers’ breathing for about three minutes.

Then the questions and cries came in increasing volume and pace, “Who are these people? Sheriff, why aren’t the moving? What do they want? Has anyone seen my phone? We’re going to die!” Et cetera.

Eventually the room devolved into panic, members of the press shoving to get out, but in a way that suggested that the exit was through each other.

Then the sheriff raised their hand, and announced into the microphone, “Everything’s fine.”

No one believed the sheriff, and the sheriff, knowing this, rephrased the statement.

“Some things are not fine, but other things are fine! This,” and here, the sheriff indicated the whole room, “is probably fine.”

The panicked reporters were now filled with both fear and doubt. The sheriff stood, stupefied, as a single bead of sweat rolled down their brow, along the nose, forming a thin wet crack across their entire face. No one breathed. Except the strangers, of course, who, by the time the droplet had completed its erratic journey, were somehow several feet closer to the press corps – despite never having visibly moved an inch.

Everyone in the room, including the sheriff, knew that death was upon them. None of them were afraid of death. They were, instead, terrified of what would come immediately before, and immediately after, death.

Listeners, like I said earlier, our own intern Kareem was part of that press corps today. So, to the family of intern Kareem, he’s a good intern. And is doing great work. He got back from the press conference a little bit ago saying he had a great time, and he also provided some excellent reporting.

According to Kareem, the strangers encroached slowly on the remaining journalists, moving without seeming to move. No one could look the strangers in the eye. They did not know what the strangers wanted of them, just that their lives were likely over. Kareem said he heard someone crying, another person frantically chanting, and he was trying to take it all in.

But then he heard a flapping of wings, like a pteranodon or a librarian. And, looking up, he saw a flash of blackness and long feathered creatures descending from a dark sky. And the next thing he knew, he was back at the radio station, safely interning once again.

Kareem called the creatures that saved everyone “angels,” but I reminded him that there is no such thing, and according to the A.P. Style Guide, it is illegal to acknowledge the existence of angels, so this is what…

Oh.

[Cecil clears his throat]

Uh, Kareem is now trying to argue with me about the fluidity of vernacular and the constant evolution of language.

Ugh. Okay.

All right, listeners, I need to deal with this.

Stay tuned next for the real life actualization of that dream you had last Tuesday. You’ll make a cute couple, so congratulations!

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: There are hot singles in your area, and they all died exactly 20 years ago, on a night just like tonight.

81). After 3327 (date)

To err is human. But to err is also computer. We’ll have to find another test to reveal which of us are secretly bots.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Let’s start things off with the Community Calendar.

This afternoon, the Museum of Forbidden Technologies will be hosting a lecture by Night Vale High’s A.P. auto shop teacher, Nick Teller. He will be demonstrating some fun devices he came up with while tinkering around in his garage. As usual for talks at the museum, Nick will be covered with a burlap tarp, and a white noise machine will be played through a state-of-the-art surround sound system, so that no dangerous and secret technology can accidentally be learned about.

Tuesday will be the annual day in which we leave offerings of fruit and Rolaids for the Eternal Scouts on display in front of City Hall. These brave children rose through the ranks from Boy Scout, to Eagle Scout, Blood Pact Scout, Weird Scout, Dreadnought Scout, Dark Scout, and Fear Scout, before finally achieving the rank of Eternal Scout.

Now, these two brave boys, Frank and Barty, stand in their glass cases, as they have for almost three years, with wide unseeing eyes, wide unseeing mouths, and long unseeing hair.

It is rumored that one day, in Night Vale’s hour of greatest need, the Eternal Scouts will awake and walk among us once again. Until then, we all bow our heads in silent reverence so that we don’t have to look at them because they are very creepy. We all look at the ground instead, because the ground it not creepy, except that it consumes your body when your body no longer belongs to you.

Wednesday is “Take Your Daughter to Work Day.” Wednesday is “Put Your Daughter to Work Day.” Wednesday is “Teach Your Daughter How to Do Whatever Simple Task It Is You are Paid to Do and Then, Once She has Mastered It, Slip Away and Leave Her as Your Replacement Day.”

If you do not have a daughter, one will be assigned to you. If you do have a daughter…are you sure you do?

Thursday is a lost cause. Why even bother with Thursday? We all tried and tried, and still Thursday is what it is. Let’s all give up hope for Thursday and just let it do its thing.

Friday evening, legendary rock band The Clash and the great Amy Winehouse are joining together for a free concert in your imagination.

Saturday, there will be a sale at Dark Owl Records, with everything wildly reduced in price. Cheapest of all, said Dark Owl owner Michelle Nguyen, will be the idea of art, which has been degraded to a point where it holds no recognizable value.

“It’s like, what does art even mean outside of the intention to make art?” said Nguyen in a statement she burned into my lawn this morning. “And does the intention to make art alone define what it is? Anyway, you can take art for all I care. I moved on to the intricate fractal happenstance of nature, like, years ago,” she concluded.

If there’s any particular album you’re looking for, please do ask for it by name so that Michelle can know the album is too well-known now, and she can put every copy she owns in the garbage, with all the rest of the popular music.

Sunday is someone else’s problem. What, you have to worry about every day yourself?

This has been the Community Calendar.

My former intern Maureen has dropped by the studio, and oh my God! She has the most adorable beagle puppy with her! Look at you! Look at yooouuu!

Maureen: I’m here too.

Cecil: Oh, of course! Hello, Maureen, you are also here. Yes.

Maureen: Hi. Whatever. I guess hi.

Cecil: Maureen, it’s just a delight to have you and your little buddy here!

Maureen: Yeah. I– I bet it’s a delight.

Cecil: Okay. What’s been new with you?

Maureen: Well, let’s see. Oh, yeah. I had to start a new internship because I still need those credits to graduate. The new internship’s pretty sweet, I guess. I, lead an army, or whatever.

Cecil: You lead an army?

Maureen: Or whatever! It doesn’t matter! I mean, I don’t have to! If you could write my intern credit letter for school, I wouldn’t have to do this other internship. I could just graduate…

Cecil: Oh, your new internship sounds great! I hope you’re truly applying yourself.

Maureen: I– I’ve been talking with another former intern of yours, by the way.

Cecil: Oh, Dana? Oh! So proud of her! My best intern. Ever. She’s really doing some great things for this town. You know she’s mayor now, right?

Maureen: I know who Mayor Cardinal is! Everything’s about Dana, isn’t it? “Oh, look at me, I got college credits, and I get to be mayor, not like Maureen. Maureen has to lead an army, or whatever, to get those credits.

Cecil: An army?

Maureen: Or whatever, it’s not important!

Cecil: It sounds kind of important.

Maureen: Oh, does it!?! Is that what sounds important? Do you know that there are people starving to death somewhere?

Cecil: Oh my God, where? We should help them!

Maureen: I don’t know, somewhere! Wasn’t being specific. Wasn’t actually suggesting making the world a better place. Was just using theoretical human suffering as a deflection.

Cecil: Oh, have you been taking those, uh, Art of Conversation classes at the community college, too? Our receptionist, Lance, got me into these classes, and I’ve learned so much about how to better talk with people. Uh, techniques like intense, almost-invasive listening, and absolute denial of the reality of truth. And, changing the subject – your best line of defense.

Maureen: Can you write me a credit letter, or not?

Cecil: That’s a good question. Another good question is, “Whose a good boy? Whose a good boy!”

Maureen: This dog is, obviously! He’s a beagle! Therefore, he’s a good boy! This was a mistake. I’ll talk to you later, or whatever. More whatever than later.

Cecil: Bye, buddy! Oh, look at you, such a cute dog! I would do anything for that little face, that tiny adorable face and those floppy dumb ears! I would do anything!

Oh no, the beagle’s leaving! In the arms of Maureen. Maureen is also leaving.

Um, goodbye, Maureen! It was nice of you to drop by and talk about…oh, whatever it was you were talking about.

Listeners, she’s leaving in the company of that same boy I saw her with a couple weeks ago. The one with the baseball cap pulled low over his face? I definitely recognize him. Where do I know him from?

Nah, I’m certain this won’t come up again. I wouldn’t worry about it.

A small update on my previous Community Calendar announcement. Things have…gone off track during A.P. auto shop teacher Nick Teller’s presentation on his inventions. It seems that he somehow accidentally removed the unsecured burlap tarp from his body, and turned off the switch on the white noise machine next to him, thus foiling the usual safeguards against learning.

His completely audible talk covered simple life hacks he’s developed to lower your electric bill.

The first is a way of transmitting energy over great distances. To that end, he held up a lit light bulb, not visibly attached to any power source. The power, Nick said, came wirelessly from a coil situated 26 miles away in the desert.

His other power saving tips included setting your thermostat just a bit higher, improving the insulation in your home, and using a free energy generator he invented that can provide power for an entire household indefinitely, on no fuel at all.

The World Government has made a statement, apologizing for the technical errors that are allowing this speech to be heard, and have released a response that consists of just the words, “Nuh-uh!” drawn in red crayon on construction paper.

So, two interesting sides to consider in this story.

Update on the trial of the century, as four of the five heads belonging to five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels are tried for their role in the attempted coup against our beloved mayor.

The first witness of the trial was called to the stand today. It was Harrison Kip, Adjunct Professor of Archaeology at the Night Vale Community College. He was once tricked by Hiram’s heads and their co-conspirator, the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home, into summoning a sand golem that wreaked havoc throughout Night Vale. We covered all this, of course, in our two-part report last year.

Harrison had been so ashamed of his role in the destruction that he fled into the desert to live the life of a simple hermit, only reaching out to civilization to procure the bare necessities of life. And, occasionally, get on Skype to remotely teach classes and hold office hours.

Mr. Kip did his best to describe what had happened. But mainly, all that happened is that he was tricked into raising a sand golem, so his testimony wasn’t that interesting.

The only highlight came when he was asked about his months out in the desert. He indicated that he found the desert mostly peaceful, but that he had recently seen something in the middle of the night that had disturbed him. He seemed very shook up about it, slumping forward, and mumbling what was (I believe) the word “appalling” over and over.

That part of his testimony probably didn’t mean anything, and probably doesn’t indicate anything is going to happen. As that famous T.V. lawyer, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, always says in her big closing arguments, “Past performance is not a predictor of future results.”

Nick Teller’s speech at the Museum of Forbidden Technologies is disastrously continuing to be heard by attendees. And, even more disastrously, the contents of this speech are being repeated on the radio.

He moved on from his energy tips to reminisce a bit about some projects of his that didn’t go exactly according to plan.

For instance, he said he once did some work on a boat in Pennsylvania [mispronounced], and a few mixed-up calculations meant that instead of the boat becoming invisible, as planned, it jumped through both time and parallel universes, horribly altering every human on board. [x]

But, Nick went on to emphasize, he didn’t let failures like that get him down, even though that particular failure was so spectacular that he had to change his name and fake his death in order to evade the consequences.

Whoo! This is inspiring stuff. Even though hearing it is completely illegal…as is, probably, repeating it on the radio.

Whoopsie!

Well, more from Nick as I continue to “accidentally” tell you what he’s saying.

But first, today’s traffic.

A spectrum of gray. The top-most gray is that of sunlight, filtered through high-altitude clouds. Then, through lower-altitude haze, darkening down on a monochromatic spectrum toward dirt that is gray…or, appears gray due to the quality of light.

Built up from the dirt are gray buildings, full of gray people speaking grayly.

“Yes, I’ll have another slice of pie,” they say.

“Business is looking as good as this pie,” they say.

“Pie tastes great, and is better, nutritionally, than most people think,” they say.

Colorless, toneless words. Gray faces slacking onto gray necks and gray bodies, gray dreams of a gray future that is neither good nor bad, but just what’s next. A gray life, lived grayly. Gray dreams through gray nights, electric lights too bright to ever let dark settle into dark, no great absence to contrast the stars, no rich black of the void, a gray night. Gray dreams. Gray life. Gray words. Gray buildings in a gray world and the light grays grayly through the gray.

This has been traffic.

And now, a word from our sponsors:

Today’s sponsor is Google. Looking for pictures of a monkey riding a pony? Just search that on Google and it will probably be there. Looking for pictures of a dog named Table? Search that, and I bet someone named their dog Table and took a picture.

How about an image of the exact moment of your death? I don’t know, that might be on there too. Give it a search!

The internet is huge. Whatever it is, it’s probably on there.

Google. Search for super-weird stuff. You’ll probably find something at least kind of similar.

This has been a word from our sponsors.

Well, it’s almost time for our weather report, and I have to admit, I’m surprised. I’d have thought, given some of the forbidden information we’ve been repeating from Nick Teller that we would have been shut down by now. But maybe I was wrong ab–

wrong ab–

wrong about–

wrong ab–

[Electronic rising tone]

–bout that–

shut down by now–

wrong–

wrong–

wrong–

wrong–

wrong–

g-g-g-g-g-g-gggggggggggggggggggg

[Electronic steady tone]

[“Table Song” by Katie Kuffel]

I’m finally back, listeners.

I’m sure you’ve noticed, over the past several days, that our usual broadcasts had been replaced by harsh buzzing and the occasional shout of “You’re not hearing anything right now, this isn’t sound!”

As I had kind of hoped, the World Government shut down our station. Which meant that I got a couple weeks off.

I had been needing a break, and the extra-legal closure of my place of work, and the forced reeducation of all of us who work there, gave me just the chance I needed.

In between reeducation sessions, I did a number of household chores that needed doing. Painting, gutter cleaning, and the like. The picking up, and the putting down, and the mending, and the clearing. Re-sodding my lawn after Michelle burned her statement into it. I had some quiet time with Carlos, and I re-watched the entire series of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Uh! I just love at the end of every episode, after she successfully wins the big court case, when she smokes cigars and cracks wise with her law firm partner, Angel. Ugh! So good.

I also dropped in on Nick Teller at his auto shop in the high school. He had just finished up feeding the cars and was grading some papers, but he kindly made time for a chat. I asked him if he wished things had turned out for him differently, if he wished that he hadn’t had to flee his old life and come to this town where his best inventions are suppressed by order of the World Government.

He smiled.

“No,” he said. “Honestly, I get it. The world has never been accepting of what I do, and I’m happy with my life here. I like teaching auto shop, I like working with young people, I like guiding them into a life of creating new things that will never see the light of day because they threaten the system as it is and the powers as they are. It’s rewarding work.”

I told him I was glad that he seemed to have found peace in his life. He said he was, too.

“After all,” he said, “what other choice would I have? It’s not like I can go back and fix my mistakes. Or…wait.”

He turned pensively and told me that he had some old papers he wanted to look through for purely nostalgic reasons, and asked if I could leave him to it. And so I did.

Listeners, maybe at some point Nick wanted to be something other than he was, but that doesn’t mean he is beholden to that dream he once had. It’s okay for him to be all right with who he is now. Acceptance is not failure. Sometimes acceptance is just acceptance.

Of course, one must always be open to new dreams, and new ambition. And if, at some point, Nick decides that he no longer wants to be an A.P. auto shop teacher, or if he decides he wants to alter history so he will never have even come here…then that, too, will be okay.

Stay tuned next for an unexpected gain in cabin pressure. No mask will help you. We weren’t prepared for things to go this way.

And goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: You know what would be great? If someone finally made a movie showing Spider-Man’s origin story. I’d love to finally see that on the big screen.

82). Skating Rink (date)

If you’re happy, and you know it, then the chemtrails are finally working.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Today is the grand opening of the newest feature at the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex: a skating rink! Ah!

Owner Teddy Williams said he has loved roller skating ever since he was a child, and it’s been a dream of his to build a skating rink in Night Vale. Williams said skate rentals are half off during this opening rink, and there will be music by local DJs every Friday night.

Williams also clarified that there is absolutely no way there is any underground city living below the rink.

“I double checked, triple checked,” Williams said. “There’s no way a portal to another civilization could be under there, because I built the skating rink on top of the old pet cemetery. No confrontational nation will come from the ground and attack us.”

Teddy said he did hear occasional growls and hisses, and even a few loud bird-like shrieks coming from the walls, but this is most likely just the ghosts of the dead animals whose corpses he disturbed when building the rink.

“It’ll be fiiiiiiine,” he added, as Joan Jett’s “I Love Rock n’ Roll” played loudly in the background.

The City Council announced today that flowers look especially pretty.

“Everyone go smell the flowers!” they snarled wistfully in unison. “Have you ever smelled one of those things? Just so full of color, and musk, and fluffy yellow dust. Here, smell this!” And they threw daisies all over the surprised reporters.

The Council asked if the sun looked like it was smiling.

“We just stare at that thing all day!” they sneered lovingly. “We think it is the kindest thing in the sky! Look!” The City Council then pointed up at the windowless conference room’s dropped ceiling.

Well, it’s so nice to hear the City Council in a good mood! I can’t think of the last time they’ve sounded so hopeful and cheery. Have they ever been in a good mood?

But you know, everyone here at the station, too, has been uncharacteristically friendly the past few days. Station Management, who…I only ever see as shadows and glowing orange lights in the corner office, and who regularly scream and– and cause the building to shake when the ad sales team doesn’t make quarterly goals…has been buying donuts for the staff. They also bought us a new claw hammer and a stone pounding board for making coffee.

Plus, this morning, they left a card on my desk thanking me. Yeah! Station Management, thanking me, and giving me a raise! I didn’t even know I was getting paid! Oof!

Well, so many people having a lovely day, I hope you’re having one too, Night Vale.

Our new sheriff followed up the City Council press conference with a report on the growing number of strangers in Night Vale. These strangers appear out of nowhere, and do not visibly move, other than their even, deliberate breaths. Sometimes they are suddenly closer, without anyone seeing them take a step.

The sheriff said they think the strangers are just people from Desert Bluffs, who have abandoned their wretched city to come live in Night Vale, but that the Secret Police are looking further into rumors that the strangers might be something else entirely.

When pressed about their opposition to Mayor Dana Cardinal’s financial assistance of Desert Bluffs, the sheriff brought out a several foot-high stone and sculpted an intricate series of interconnected geometrical shapes, each one balancing the next. The reporters watched the Sheriff for hours, until the sculpture was complete.

The Sheriff then added that they do not oppose the mayor on all issues.

“In fact, Mayor Cardinal is a good mayor. We just disagree on the issue of how to fight crime,” the sheriff said, still tightly gripping their stone carver. “For instance, I agree with the mayor about needing to open the Dog Park to dogs and people! I love dogs! I think it would be great if folks could take their dogs into the Dog Park.”

The sheriff then said that they saw the cutest beagle puppy the other day. Really, really cute! The sheriff leaned close into the mic and said, “Such a good boy! Gooooood doooooooooooooooog!”

Listeners, um, I’m getting word that the City Council was just seen in public, walking across the front lawn of City Hall, each of them carrying matching black cases. Witnesses were stunned, as the City Council is rarely seen outside of City Hall – despite their constant vacations.

Some reported that they heard the Council whistling Mariah Carey’s “Always Be My Baby,” but others reported that that must have been the bluebirds fluttering around just above their heads.

Some eyewitness accounts said that the Council wasn’t even walking, they were “strolling.” When has the City Council ever strolled? We didn’t know their bodies were even anatomically capable of that!

Someone else said, “Well that looks like skipping to me.” But that’s just ridiculous. Skipping? Is the City Council leaving town on another vacation? What put them in such a good mood?

More on this as it develops.

And now, a word from our sponsor. Here with that is Deb, a sentient patch of haze…and also, I think, our ad sales manager here at the station.

Deb: Oh, I don’t work for the station.

Cecil: But you regularly provide me with copy for our live spots. Oh, and you also read ads from various companies on the air. Do you work for an ad agency?

Deb: Cecil, please.

Cecil: But this is my show. If you don’t actually work at the station, or for the companies you’re pitching, I’d kind of like to know who you work for.

Deb: Shhh. Not everything can be an emergency.

Okay, then.

Human listeners, today’s show is brought to you by Pfizer. What does Pfizer do? What doesn’t Pfizer do?

Whoo! All the things Pfizer can help you with! We can’t even begin to describe it to you.

You know what? Pfizer is indescribable. How can you put it into words what Pfizer does? You can’t. You wouldn’t. No, you you absolutely would not. You would not dare describe what we do.

You’re still trying to describe us in your mind, aren’t you? Maybe Pfizer wasn’t articulate enough. Maybe Pfizer can’t trust you. You have betrayed  Pfizer. Don’t say no.

Did you just say no?

Why are you always arguing with us!?! We give, and give, and give, and we never ask for anything other than money in return. We only ask for money, and that you try not to describe us in words! And what do you do? You give us lots of money, but you also try to describe us in words!

Pfizer. We can’t even with this right now.

Oh, stop!

Cecil: It sounds like you work for the pharmaceutical industry…

Deb: No, not you too, Cecil! I can’t be here anymore!

[Door slams]

Cecil: Wow! The door didn’t even move. I’m not even sure how she slammed it.

Listeners, I’m being – [chuckles] – I’m being distracted. Uh, intern Kareem has been pestering me to allow him to go skating. Since Station Management seems to be out of the office, he thinks now is the perfect time to take a long break and go check out the new Desert Flower Skating Rink.

Uhh…okay, I’m gonna let you go, Kareem, but only because it’s a news story. I want a full report on the new facility, okay? This is still your work time, Kar–

Oh. He just skated away. I need to sit him down and talk to him about professionalism. And where he got cool skates like those. They had lightning bolts on ‘em.

But first, we’ve just received a call from a controversial figure. Calling in from the jailhouse (I presume), while on trial.

Listeners, let’s go now to an exclusive interview with literal five-headed dragon Hiram McDaniels.

Hello, Hiram.

Hiram’s gold head: Howdy, Cecil. Uh, thanks for letting me on your show. I just, uh, wanted to call in and…y'know, clear up a few things about this trial.

Hiram’s green head:We will burn the courthouse to the ground! We will char the already charred remains of the human judge and jury!

Cecil: My understanding is that the jury is not all human. It’s a jury of peers, Hiram.

Hiram’s gold head: Well, now, uh, my green head is speaking metaphorically.

Hiram’s green head: We will scorch the scales of justice!

Hiram’s gold head: Yeah, like that.

The thing is, Cecil, uh, they are using computers to simulate five-headed dragons on the jury, but now they’re saying that a single five-headed dragon computer program counts as five separate jurors. So they’re only making one computer and then choosing seven human jury members. That hardly seems fair.

Hiram’s gray head: They don’t respect us at all.

Hiram’s gold head: No, no they don’t, gray head. They really don’t.

Plus, no computer can recreate the complexities of sentient dragons.

Hiram’s gray head: It’s offensive.

Cecil: Well, I know they looked for actual five-headed dragons, but there aren’t many out there that the city can find.

Hiram’s gold head: Well, my sister Hadassah is in town. I think she should be considered.

Cecil: Family members of the accused generally aren’t allowed on juries. But also, one of your heads, the violet one, is going to be a witness against you at the trial. Uh, how are things going within your own body?

Hiram’s gold head: They’ve put a hole in my cell wall so my violet head can be outside of the jail, since, uh, he is not charged with any crime.

Hiram’s violet head: I can hear you conspiring against me!

Hiram’s green head: Quiet, you traitorous stink! I will chew you from–

Hiram’s gold head: Hey, easy, Green. You’re not allowed to talk to Violet anymore. It would be witness tampering.

Hiram’s blue head: We shouldn’t even be talking to the media. Our lawyer said anything we say can be used in the trial.

Hiram’s gold head: My blue head is right, Cecil. I just wanted to use my phone call to get the word out about the unfair practices going on in this trial.

Hiram’s gray head: It is so unfair.

Cecil: Well, I’ll certainly look into this. Uh, are you having an okay day otherwise, Hiram?

Hiram’s gold head: I sure am, Cecil. Eh, despite my circumstances, everyone’s in pretty good spirits today. They, uh, served raw lamb in the mess hall and they let us watch a whole hour of the Lee Marvin marathon on the C-SPAN this afternoon.

Hiram’s green head: They showed Death Hunt! It was his finest work as an actor!

Hiram’s gray head: I think Gorky Park was one of his more interesting roles. But yeah…Death Hunt is pretty good.

Hiram’s blue head: Lee Marvin is a lighthouse in a stormy cinematic sea.

Hiram’s violet head: I personally prefer Cat Ballou!

Hiram’s green head: Silence, you withered newt!

Hiram’s gold head: All right there, Green.

Hey, uh, thanks for taking my call, Cecil.

Cecil: No, thank you, Hiram.

We’re getting good news from Teddy Williams down at the new skating rink that there are record crowds. So many people are showing up to skate. He didn’t realize how popular roller skating would be here.

We’re also getting bad news from Teddy that all of the lights have gone out. He’s hearing deep growls coming from not only the ghost pets in the walls, but loud shouts and snarls coming from the skaters themselves. He cannot see who it is, but he can definitely smell the metallic briny stench of blood.

He did not care to elaborate about how he is so familiar with the smell of blood, just that he’s sort of an expert in the matter and it’s definitely blood, and that no one else should come to the skating rink.

He whispered all of this from underneath the turntable of the DJ booth.

He reported seeing looming shadows in the near-black, the shadows of hulking figures with what appeared to be either antlers or very elaborate hats. He could feel the floor trembling beneath him, as if there were a stampede of beasts or a clash of angry gods.

Williams reported that he just once – just one time in his life! – wants people to be able to play arcade games and skate and bowl and drink sodas without fearing for their safety.

Listeners, do not go to the skating rink. And for those of you already there, take cover! Do not come out from your hiding place! Not even if they put on Pat Benatar!

As I wait for further news from Intern Kareem at the skating rink, let me take you now to the weather.

[“Thinking of Milk” by Tristan Haze]

Despite having a terrifying start, the new skating rink sounds like a huge success, and everyone seems to be having fun again.

It is clear now what has happened.

Intern Kareem said that when he arrived at the skating rink, he saw almost everyone from Night Vale. Leann Hart from the Daily Journal, John Peters (you know, the farmer?), Old Woman Josie, and the beings Kareem insists on calling angels. Judge Siobhan Azdaq, even the City Council was there! Their black cases were all opened, revealing white retro skates with thick red and blue piping.

It was a feel-good atmosphere on a feel-good day.

Kareem bought a soda, filled it with every flavor from the fountain, and put his bag in a locker. “Electric Lady” by Janelle Monáe was on and he raced to the floor to have his first skate to his favorite song, only to see a group of hulking figures with elaborate hats enter. Kareem stopped dead in his tracks, standing and shivering in front of this menacing group.

Kareem had never seen them before, but he recognized them immediately by their sound and their smell as the management of this radio station.

Kareem stiffened up and prepared an explanation, that he was here to work, uh, to report on the new skating rink, and– and that he was not slacking. But Station Management did not seem to notice him. They were gazing across the room at the City Council who, by this point, had all donned short shorts and headbands, and were twirling and spinning in unison around the rink.

Just as Beyoncé’s “XO” started playing, the City Council and Station Management all made eye contact. Station Management and City Council skated toward each other, and everything went dark. The record player scratched, and all went quiet…save for horrifying growls and animal screeching.

Kareem could smell something briny and metallic, like olives.

While everyone scrambled to hide in fear, Kareem – himself a young man in a new relationship – knew exactly what was going on. He put on the night vision goggles we require every one of our interns to carry at all times, and he watched as Station Management and the City Council met in the middle of the rink, joining arms, skating in slow happy circles, intermittently placing heads on shoulders, wanting to sneak kisses, but uncertain of the right moments, dozens of figures with hundreds of fingers all intertwined in defiance of our understandings of physical dimension, sighing hotly with romantic need and burning anticipation.

The City Council had brought live rodents, and they held them up gingerly to Station Management’s mouths, as Management chewed off pieces of the screaming creatures. When Station Management finished devouring the last bites, the City Council adorably brushed pieces of tail and fur from Station Management’s face, letting their fingertips (or…whatever it is at the end of whatever those appendages are) linger.

After a few circles around the rink, Management and the Council left together.

The aftermath of their budding romance is clear among the brand new polished hardwood floor of the skating rink, swirling hearts strung together, carved into the wood with their wheels.

The lights are back on now. Everyone is skating again. The stereo is blasting Parliament’s “Flash Light” with Hanson’s “Mmmbop” coming up next.

As a person in a long-term relationship, I know how fulfilling long love can be. I also remember the days of being single, and that is also fulfilling. But nothing is quite so thrilling, so unexpected and uncertain, as that moment in between those two states – single and in love. That short fire burst of irrational passion for a person…or people…or multidimensional entities you barely know but with whom you maybe want to be with always?

You know the thrall of hopeless wanting, where you long to hold the other so tightly as to become one. You think it is love, even when it is not. Love is patient, and understanding, and turbulent, and rock-like, ever confident in itself. But this early infatuation, these addictions to a new other, are some of life’s most fragile and ecstatic moments.

Well…I’m so happy for City Council and Station Management. They make a cute…couple.

Kareem said that he also saw former intern Maureen, her new puppy, and some boy in a hoodie all brooding in the corner. Maureen appeared to be making sardonic jokes at the expense of the new couple, and at the expense of the idea of dating itself.

Kareem said the dog was really cute, but there was something about the sight of Maureen and the hooded boy and the puppy that upset him. I told Kareem, “No, she’s always like that.”

Stay tuned next for the best hits of the 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, 2000s, 2010s, 2020s, and beyond.

And as always, goodnight Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Be careful what you wish for because it probably won’t come true, and life is mostly about expectation management.

83). One Normal Town (date)

Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Don’t breathe. Don’t breathe. Don’t breathe. Don’t breathe.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Our neighboring town of Desert Bluffs is no more. It has been swept from the map. Its borders, a bad memory. Its name, a forgotten joke.

Oh, listeners, I have long dreamed of saying these words, although the circumstances are different than I could have ever foreseen.

Mayor Cardinal announced today that – after months of extending loans and other budgetary aid to the struggling community – her and Mayor Cardozo of Desert Bluffs agreed that the path to financial stability lay in (I can’t believe I’m saying this) merging the two towns.

As of this week, Night Vale’s borders will extend to include the dumb buildings that used to belong to Desert Bluffs, and all the weirdos that for some reason chose to live there.

Dana said that she understood there would be some adjustment needed from everyone, and then went on to say some other stuff that didn’t really matter because apparently it’s fine that Desert Bluffs is now part of Night Vale, and no one has a problem with that, and that’s OK. It’s fine. It’s fine.

Our new sheriff, Sam, who has been an outspoken opponent to the monetary aid given to Desert Bluffs because of the strain it puts on law enforcement budgets, reacted as expected. At a press conference, they expressed their extreme displeasure in this development by singing selections from Richard Foreman’s Tony Award-winning Broadway musical, “Film Is Evil: Radio Is Good” while weeping copiously.

In response to follow-up questions from the attending journalists, Sam quietly said, “Listen. I just need this right now, okay?” before vowing that they would continue their strong opposition to the mayor’s plan for unification, and then softly crying a little more.

And now, traffic.

There once was a farmer who never much thought of leaving his land. He was comfortable where he was, and comfortable with only ever being merely comfortable.

He had no close friends, although a few people at the farmer’s market knew who he was.

“Yes, I know who he is,” one of them might have said, although none of them ever did. None of them were ever asked.

One night, as he was sitting down alone to dinner, he heard a loud party happening out in his field. Music, conversation, laughter. More confused than annoyed, he went out to see who could have set up a party in his remote field.

But there was no one there.

Instead, the party now sounded as though it were coming from his house. He ran back in, now afraid he was dealing with intruders.

But there was no one there.

The sound of the party was again coming from outside. Not from his fields, but from the empty stretch of road that led from nowhere much to his little farm (which was also nowhere much). He went out to the road.

But there was nothing.

The sound of the party was now just over a gentle slope in the road. He followed it.

Nothing.

Then it was just around the corner. Then, where those trees covered the road in shadow. He followed and followed the sound, each time finding that he was almost but not quite to its source.

And he never came back to his farm again.

“I have no idea what happened to him,” one of the folks at the Farmer’s Market might have said, although none of them ever did. None of them were ever asked.

This has been traffic.

The Ralph’s supermarket announced a small change to their sales structure, indicating that they will no longer be following the “bring food you want up to the cashier and pay for it” model that has been played out for years now, and instead will be structuring themselves as the world’s first auction supermarket.

Any citizen looking to buy food from Ralph’s will have to come to one of their daily scheduled auctions and bid on the kitchen staples and snacks as they are brought up for auction one by one.

For instance, Lot 402 might be a banana, while Lot 403 might be a bag of Sun Chips and a bottle of tomato juice.

Charlie Baer, new weekday shift manager at the Ralph’s, said, “We believe this will be a more exciting and fun way for consumers to get the food they need. And to pay more for it. A lot more,” he continued. “In competition with others, so that if you don’t get that peanut butter, somebody else will. And then they’ll have peanut butter and you won’t. Better open up those wallets and make sure you get the food you need.”

Fortunately for me, Carlos tends to do our shopping, since I personally have…a little trouble with auctions, due to some traumatic experiences in my past. I mean, I know that, as the saying goes, “past performance is not a predictor of future results,” but still…I think I’ll sit these auctions out.

As part of the launch event for the auction system, Ralph’s employees will stand on the supermarket’s roof, pelting passers-by with water balloons and expired produce, and drunkenly chanting the lyrics to every Cat Stevens song in unison, until they have run out of breath and, eyes locked with each other, with hunched-over panting silence, continue to mouth the lyrics they no longer have the breath to say.

Back now to the news.

The dissolve of Desert Bluffs into Night Vale continues. It’s not only new people, but new ways of life.

Dave Morales Cariño, a former Desert Bluffs resident, announced the founding of the first-ever Joyous Congregation of the Smiling God here in Night Vale, on an old industrial stretch of the eastern expressway.

Night Vale is a proud city of bloodstone worshipers, but certainly there are many in town who know of the…power of the Smiling God, and belief and worship in the Smiling God is not a new thing here. In fact, a few long-time Night Vale residents attended the inaugural service at the Joyous Congregation’s church, located in a storefront that used to sell leaf blowers and leaf blower accessories.

The City Council said that sales from their bloodstone factory have fallen by as much as one percent, and that this is totally not okay with them.

“We’re seeing someone now,” they said, in a high-pitched whiny voice. “And it’s just not a good time for us to be losing any income! Mayor Cardinal won’t let us devour the Joyous Congregation, but we urge you to stick to the traditional worship of bloodstone circles. Like your mother, and your grandmother, and the lizard people before her.”

Paul Birmingham, local community activist who lives in a lean-to behind the library, wanted everyone to know that he was against it.

When questioned what he was against, specifically, he shrugged and said “I don’t know. It. All of it. Or, some of it. The bad parts. Totally opposed. Not a fan at all,” he concluded.

He waved signs, all of which just said “No.”

Paul has a long history of political activism in Night Vale, starting with his “oregano should be legal” campaign that he waged ferociously for the better part of the 80s, only giving it up when he found out that oregano already was legal.

Then he shifted into environmental activism, marching every day in front of City Hall to draw attention to his controversial “What if I see as red, is what you see as blue? What if color isn’t even real?” campaign.

More recently, he had joined the Air-Filled Earth Society, the group that believes the earth is a precariously inflated orb that could pop or deflate at any moment.

Now, he seems to have dropped all of his previous specific beliefs for the more general stance of negativity without target. A “no” directed at nothing.

Reporters report his breath sighed. Reporters report his shoulders sagged. Reporters report his shouting waned, his signs drooped. Paul wiped his brow.

“Just…something has to be true, you know?” he said. “Somewhere in all of this, something has to be true!”

He squinted at the sky before concluding, “I still can’t see them. I wish I could. Then maybe I would understand.”

He wandered back to his lean-to, seeming to have grown years older, his defiance burned out of him.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Today’s show is sponsored by a happy-looking dog that’s woofing and wagging his tail.

He just wants you to play, or to pet him! Or maybe, just to stop feeling sad for a moment. He wants what’s best for you, even if he doesn’t know that he wants it. His instincts have been tinkered with, made to align with your interests. And now, his happiness is yours.

He’s a big-eyed, woofing dog, and he’s dancing from paw to paw because he’s so excited to make your life better.

Are you about to take him for a walk? Oh, no! Did someone say the W word? Did the physical needs of an animal companion force someone to also go outside and move their body, both things that will chemically make them feel better?

What a convenient system. What a good boy!

What a good boy.

This has been brought to you by a happy-looking dog that’s woofing and wagging his tail.

Breaking news: The Sheriff’s Secret Police and the City Council have taken unilateral action to disunite Night Vale and Desert Bluffs. The sheriff, backed by the hulking figures of the City Council, led a fleet of Secret Police cars into neighborhoods that used to be Desert Bluffs, announcing that all these buildings were now Night Vale’s, and that everyone living there needed to go.

“Nothing against you personally,” the sheriff said as their Secret Police chased after former Desert Bluffs citizens with what could be described as comically-sized potato sacks, if it weren’t for the grim seriousness with which the police conducted their chase.

The former Desert Bluffs citizens started to flee, panic set pale and glistening on their faces. But they stopped when they saw yet another car coming at them from the other direction.

Black sedan, tinted windows, unmistakably governmental.

It pulled directly in front of the sheriff’s group, bringing everyone to a momentary confused halt.

Out of the car stepped Mayor Cardinal. She looked around at the scene as it lay. She couldn’t have seemed younger or more tired. She took a slow, deliberate breath.

“Go home, Sam,” she said to the sheriff. “Go home, all of you.”

The sheriff looked around at their police officers for support, and then shouted back, “You can’t stop us, Dana. We will drive these people out of our town.”

“No, Sam,” she said. “You won’t. You won’t because it’s their town too, now. You won’t because there’s nowhere else they should go. You won’t because it’s a bad thing to do and I think, somewhere in there, you aren’t a bad person. Maybe I’m wrong about that, wouldn’t be the first time. But primarily, you won’t,” she concluded, “because I won’t let you.”

And she folded her arms, and she said nothing more.

The Secret Police still held their potato sacks, unsure now of what they should do. Their sheriff no longer ordered, or even goaded, but just stared thoughtfully at their mayor.

The former citizens of Desert Bluffs stopped fleeing, looking back at this first figment of hope.

And then the sheriff got in their car, turned it around, and drove away. The Secret Police all got in their cars and followed. The City Council roared and stomped but, without the police to back them up, they too eventually retreated.

And still Dana stood, silent, arms folded, until the last of them was gone. She turned to the new citizens of Night Vale who had, moments before, been fleeing.

“Hi,” she said. “I’m Dana. Don’t hesitate to get in touch if you have any problems, okay?”

She got back in her car. She, too, left.

I…uh…I– I– I don’t know where I stand on this scene, as it just unfolded. I need to think about it. While I think about it, let’s go to the weather.

[“The Sky Is Calling” by Kim Boekbinder]

Here’s what. We all have our regionalisms. For instance, in many parts of the country, there is a sandwich, known as a sub sandwich, that is in other places known as a hero, a hoagie, a grinder, a longburger, a prince’s delight, or a bread burrito.

This is one example of a difference in culture. There are others.

It is in these little details that we see ourselves, that we define how we are not others, and thus how we are ourselves.

When confronted with someone whose “normal” is not our “normal,” we are forced to confront the most frightening prospect of all: that there is no such thing as “normal.” Just the accidental cultural moment we happened to be born into, a cultural happenstance that never existed before, and will never exist again.

Our idea of “normal” is a city built on sand. For instance, for us, our city is literally built on sand and this is our “normal.” We resist difference because it requires we acknowledge that the culture we grew up with as “normal” is just a momentary accident. It requires we accept that the world we were born into will never be the same as the world we die in. The longer we live, the more we become interlopers, even in our home towns. But, if we’d let it happen, also, the more we will learn.

I…cannot say I am always happy about Desert Bluffs. It can be said that I have ranted about them on the radio, sometimes for hours, while listeners called in to complain that they wanted me to talk about something (anything!) else. I have thrown things at the microphone, and attempted to cast spells upon Desert Bluffs that would drive them into ruin.

But my happiness, or unhappiness, is…irrelevant to their existence. They exist. And so do I. And now our differing “normals,” in such close proximity, perhaps will edge just slightly toward each other.

Night Vale may never again be the Night Vale I knew, but it will be some kind of Night Vale. It will be a version of our town that someday, someone will look back on and think, “Those were the days! That was what was normal!” And that person will be wrong. And that person will be right.

Stay tuned next for tomorrow’s winning lottery numbers, broadcast to everyone simultaneously, and so reducing each jackpot share to a small but fair amount.

And, from a town that isn’t the town it was before, and then won’t be the town it has become, and then will change again, and then again after that, and all of them the same town, and all of them our town:

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Actually, it’s Property’s Brother.

84). Past Time (date)

Dress for success. Put on your tall hat and rubber gloves and long gray coat. Success requires this specific outfit.

Welcome to Night Vale.

It’s spring again, which apparently means it’s baseball season.

My brother-in-law Steve…[Cecil takes a deep breath and lets out an exasperated sigh]…Steve and I took his stepdaughter Janice for Little League baseball tryouts this weekend. Steve and Janice play catch a lot together. She really loves the sport. It’s actually pretty adorable.

She shouts things like, “Go farther, Steve, I wanna see how far I can throw the ball!”

And I shout things like, “Keep going, Steve! See how far away you can go!”

The tryouts were at the haunted baseball diamond over near the Shambling Orphan housing development. There were a lot of kids there. Say what you will about all the people from Desert Bluffs moving to Night Vale (and I’ve said many things), but it’s created enormous growth in youth sports. There are leagues for kids with all kinds of interests and abilities.

Janice tried out for a wheelchair softball league, the first of its kind in Night Vale.

Plus, I got to spend time talking to Little League baseball coaches Betty Lucero and Lucia Tereschenko. Lucia is a fascinating woman, so despite having to be around Steve all day, I had a pretty good time.

More on that in a bit. But first, the news.

In a study released today, the Greater Night Vale Medical Community has found a statistical link between a high-carbohydrate diet and the number of squirrels on your lawn.

According to the study, they found that people who take in a higher than normal number of carbohydrates have an average of 4.74 squirrels somewhere on their lawn, but those with lower carb intake have a slightly different number of squirrels.

A representative from the Greater Night Vale Medical Community said, “You can see from this pie chart,” and here the representative pointed at an American flag, “that the data shows a statistical link between these things.”

Another representative, who was previously unnoticed, then emerged from behind the first representative and stated, “It is important that you adjust your carbohydrate intake and/or your trust/distrust of squirrels accordingly.”

The first representative then did a set of 12 push-ups, the kind where you clap your hands between each one.

“Believe us. We’re doctors,” a third representative said as she lowered herself down head-first from the ceiling at the back of the room. As everyone turned to see her, she said, “Just kidding!” and then the three representatives began juggling and doing yo-yo tricks to hip hop music.

And now it’s time for another edition of “Hey there, Cecil!”

“Hey there, Cecil! I just moved into a new apartment, and after two months, my landlord is telling me I’m behind on rent. But I’ve been paying my rent. On the last day of each month, I carry a 20-stone bag of quartz chips and two pheasant carcasses, and lay them outside his office. What am I doing wrong?

“Also, what is the currency these days?

“Signed, In Debt in Old Town.”

Hey there, In Debt!

Well, I think you’re in the wrong here. Quartz and dead pheasants are not currency. They have not been legal tender since the 1990s. So, you are in arrears on your rent. Here’s what I would do:

Write a nice note to your landlord explaining you didn’t understand how money works. Then, maybe find a different job, where they pay you in actual American currency – which has no physical form, and is just a series of arbitrary numbers printed on ATM receipts. Hope this helps.

“Hey there, Cecil! I love dogs a lot. The other day, I saw a young couple out walking the cutest little beagle puppy. I asked if I could pet him, they didn’t say anything but the dog had the sweetest expression, so I pet the dog.

“The couple didn’t speak or move. She just glared at me. The boy was smiling. And as the dog licked my hand I asked the boy, ‘what’s your dog’s name?’ and the boy laughed. It was a cruel, hollow laugh.

“And I pet the dog once more and they left, and I can’t get that dog out of my head. I’m dreaming about it now. Terrible dreams! Terrible dreams where I cannot move. I wake physically incapacitated and crying. When I can finally move I run to the bathroom needing to vomit, but unable. I am covered in cold, cold sweat but my face is on fire! I hunch over the sink, spitting up small globs of black tar, every single night.

“So my question is, should I get a dog? And if so, is a beagle a good breed?

“Signed, Dog Lover in Downtown.”

Hey there, Dog Lover! You should absolutely get a dog! You sound allergic to beagles, so maybe a Basset instead.

“Hey there, Cecil! What are you doing Saturday night at, say, 8 pm? Would you be interested in an opera and drinks after?

“Signed, Lonely Boy in the Laboratory.”

Hey there, Lonely Boy! Yes! I would very much like an opera, and…whatever else after.

And now, back to the tryouts.

Coach Lucia Tereschenko told me she’d been seeing more and more of those…strangers lately. And she does not like them.

“They stand and stare at the kids. At the coaches, at the parents, just breathing. Not moving, or speaking. Them, I do not like, “ Lucia said.

“At first I thought they were from this Desert Bluffs, so many of those people coming to Night Vale, but Desert Bluffs families play in the baseball league now. I meet them, they are nice people. They are good people. They do not stand and stare and breathe,” Lucia said.

“These strangers…they are from someplace else. Not here, not Desert Bluffs, They are not humans! They are not even ghosts. Believe me, I should know,” Lucia said, and then laughed. “Get it? Because I am dead?”

I told Lucia I got it, but she continued.

“I’m dead, Cecil! Is funny! Laugh, okay? I am a ghost.”

And so I laughed. It was genuinely funny.

But then she went suddenly solemn.

“Oh, these strangers. They remind me of those terrible men on the train.”

I asked Lucia, “What men on the train?”

But just then an errantly thrown baseball bounced to a stop at Lucia’s feet. She bent over to pick it up but – being a ghost – her hands went right through it.

“Ach! Cecil, some days I can pick up the ball, some days I cannot. Can you help?”

I picked up the baseball and threw it back to the child, who nearly fell over running, but caught it nonetheless. And Lucia said, “You still have a good arm, Cecil! You were a great shortstop.”

I told her I don’t remember playing baseball, and she laughed and said “Well, you know what they say about growing old. Memory is the second thing to go.”

I asked, “What’s the first?”

“Relevance,” she said quickly. “Relevance.”

Listeners, sorry I have to interrupt my story. We’re getting another call from Hiram McDaniel, literal five-headed dragon and former mayoral candidate. Hiram is in the jailhouse for  attempting to kill our current mayor, and he’s on our phones now.

Hiram? Hello?

Hiram’s violet head: Cecil? It– It’s me, Hiram’s violet head.

Cecil: Hello, Violet! Listeners, it was Hiram’s violet head who courageously turned in his other four heads for their crimes against the mayor. Violet, how are you?

Hiram’s violet head: They cut a hole in the cell where our main body and our other four heads are! My head is poking out of the hole and into the fresh air! Technically, I’m not in jail, but I’m also not free! I think I’ve made a mistake.

Cecil: You did the right thing, Violet. Your other four heads wanted to kill the mayor.

Hiram’s violet head: There are five of us, but there is one of us.

Cecil: I’m not sure I follow.

Hiram’s violet head: Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself! I am large. I contain multitudes!

Cecil: Ah, ha-ha! My favorite line from Die Hard!

Hiram’s violet head: Cecil, I’ve removed myself as a witness for the prosecution. I stand with my other heads. I– I stand with and for myself!

Hiram’s gold head: And it sure is nice to have you back, Purp– sorry, you are not purple, you are Violet. I respect that.

Hiram’s violet head: Thanks, gold head!

Hiram’s gray head: Injustice makes me sad.

Hiram’s gold head: We’re gonna do our best, Gray. We’re gonna do our best.

Hiram’s green head:WE WILL BURN THE COURTHOUSE! WE WILL DEVOUR THE JUDGE! WE WILL CRUSH THE JURY WITH OUR TAIL!

Hiram’s blue head: They are shackling and muzzling us for our own trial, Cecil! They think our green head is serious in his threats!

Hiram’s green head:MY THREATS ARE ONLY METAPHORS, YOU SOFT SENTIENT POUCHES OF FUTURE FOOD!

Hiram’s violet head: Cecil, I– I cannot be separated from myself. I– I may disagree with myself, but I am in this all together!

Cecil: Violet, I don’t know if…

Hiram’s gold head: But listen, Cecil. If Night Vale knew the trouble they were in, they’d let us out so we could help fight these strangers.

Cecil: Oh, believe me, Hiram, the new sheriff is working double-time to get rid of the Desert Bluffs–

Hiram’s gold head: Not Desert Bluffs people, Cecil. They’re harmless hard-working folks. I’m talking about the strangers, the ones that don’t move. The ones that breathe. You tell your mayor friend I can stop 'em.

Hiram’s gray head: We’re not strong enough.

Hiram’s blue head: They would be quite resistant to our fire, and even our strength.

Hiram’s green head:WE WILL TEAR THE STRANGERS TO PINK, FLESHY SHREDS, AND THEN CHEW THEM! AND THEN SWALLOW THEM! I AM BEING LITERAL!

Hiram’s violet head: I will fight with you, Green! Y– you too, Gold and Gray and Blue! We can do this. We can do this! But– but– but– but Cecil, we need out of this prison.

Cecil: Uh, I don’t know what I can do about that, Hiram.

Hiram’s gold head: I’m sure you’ll think of somethin’. We’re gonna make it through this. Thanks, buddy!

Cecil: Well, then.

Let’s have a word from our sponsor.

Today’s show is brought to you by the Dove Campaign for Real Beauty. Super-real beauty. Beauty so real you won’t even recognize it as your own.

Like a set of human lungs, on a white table. So real, so beautiful. Most people have lungs, expanding, contracting, attached to nothing. Just lungs. On a white table.

Most beauty products won’t show you what a set of human lungs look like, because they think you can’t handle real beauty. They will photoshop out the models’ lungs, leaving a gaping gory hole in their chests. But an empty upper-rib cavity is not what a real person looks like. No. We look like this. A pair of lungs breathing autonomously on a white table in a white room with music playing. Inspirational music. Mostly choir and keyboards, you know the drill. Don’t gotta tell you about inspirational music, am I right?

Dove. Lungs on a white table.

Little League coach Lucia Tereschenko told me the incredible story of her journey to Night Vale.

When she was a young woman, she left her home to travel west across America. She wanted to find a new life for herself, out of the crowded smoke-choked cities. She walked for miles, picking up work in roadside towns. She rode in carriages when she had money, and she eventually found a job making belts for an old tanner who worked Lucia long hours for little pay.

The old tanner was otherwise kind, and treated Lucia like her very own daughter, because she never had a family. But the tanner grew ill, and Lucia took care of her, bathing her and fetching herb mixtures from the apothecary.

One morning the old woman was no more. Lucia ran her business for a while longer, but since the tanner had no heirs, and Lucia did not feel she had found her true home, she continued west, where there was supposedly golden sunshine along an azure sea.

Soon, however, she once again was in desperate need of money so that she could eat, and could sleep in safety. She met some men. Silent men. Men who kept their faces in shadows, who kept their voices in shadows, who kept their guns in shadows. And she worked for them, never knowing what her job was – just that she was to ride the train with them until the time was right.

One afternoon, the men stood up simultaneously and moved in different directions: one to the front of the train, one to the rear. One climbed through the ceiling onto the roof of the car. Two more drew pistols on the passengers. They told Lucia to keep everyone calm.

The train whined to a halt, and the men hurriedly unloaded crates from the rear car onto a horse-drawn cart. The crates were warm, warmer than the air around them. They smelled sharp and earthy, like freshly ground cinnamon.

The apparent sheriff of the little town the stopped in, the town of Night Vale, a place she’d never heard of, soon arrived. He was wearing a welding mask and a cowboy hat. The sheriff drew his gun on the shadowy men but, being out numbered, he was unable to do much to stop them.

So, while calming the others on the train, Lucia crept behind one of the men. He had a kerchief drawn across is face (not an actual kerchief tied in front of his face, but a simulacrum of patterned fabric hand-drawn on his face). Using one of her leather belts, Lucia whipped the gun out of his hand and deftly picked it up from the ground. She fired at the outlaws, felling both.

Outside, the sheriff felled two more.

But, as she climbed up the top of the car, she heard a shot from just below her. And then she was lying on her back. She couldn’t remember why she had laid down. She saw, in the sky just above her, a dark planet of awesome size, lit by no sun. She didn’t know how she had not noticed it before. It was so close. An invisible titan, all thick black forests and jagged mountains and deep turbulent oceans.

And then…well, let me take you first to the weather.

[“The River, The Woods” by Astronautalis]

I asked Lucia if that’s how she died.

“Well, one moment I’m in a gunfight,” she said, “and the next moment I’m a ghost.”

She asked if I had a cigarette. I don’t smoke, so I sad no.

“Meh, I couldn’t hold it anyway,” she admitted.

“Why are you living in a baseball diamond,” I asked her.

She said this wasn’t always a baseball diamond, it was just a field. A field where train tracks used to run. A field where a train once rolled to a stop.

But, right around this time the game of baseball was becoming popular, and kids began coming to the filed to play. Lucia watched, and learned, and grew to love the sport’s simplicity and structured grace.

“It’s a beautiful game, Cecil! So I started trying to coach the kids, but since I’m translucent and hazy, they got scared and ran away, calling this the 'haunted baseball diamond.’ Over time, the kids realized I had some helpful things to say about batting stances, and hitting the cutoff man, so they came back.”

Lucia turned to one of the kids. “Eye on the ball, Manny!” she shouted.

I asked Lucia, “So, you think those men on the train were related to these strangers in Night Vale now?”

“You do not see evil like that very often,” she said. “But no. Those men on the train performed their evil because they needed whatever was in those crates more than they needed life, or peace,” she said. “These strangers? They don’t need anything. They are evil, for evil’s own sake.”

I looked over and saw Steve and Janice coming my way. They were high fiving and grinning.

Lucia said, “She’s a good kid, good arm. She’s going to be a great shortstop like her uncle!”

I told Lucia I hope we have a good baseball season, and it was wonderful catching up with her. Steve, Janice, and I turned to walk back to Steve’s van.

Lucia whispered to me, “We’re past time for hope, Cecil. They’re no longer coming. They’re here. And we cannot stop something that wants nothing.”

Staring straight at Janice, ignoring Lucia, I said, “You made the team! Congrats! Let’s get ice cream!”

Behind us, I heard a distant bark. It was a sweet, sickening yelp. And in the reflection on the van window, I could see a boy in a hoodie, holding a beagle puppy, and both of them were looking at us.

I felt cold sweat, but my face was hot. My tongue was sticky and thick.

“Steve, can we get a dog?” Janice said, all strapped in.

“Let’s get that ice cream, okay?” I interrupted.

The dog barked again, and I did not look. I did not look at anything as I got in my seat and shut the door. I felt like throwing up.

“Thanks for driving, Steve,” I said, putting my hand softly on his arm.

He looked momentarily amused. No, not amused. Concerned. And we drove away as Janice told us all about her new team.

Stay tuned next for something lurking just outside your window. Don’t worry, it’s not a human.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Dance like the government is watching.

85). The April Monologues (date)

Cecil: Once again, the turning of the seasons. Nearly imperceptible here, a shading of the desert heat. But we feel the change in the thrum of our bodies, in the texture of the sand.

There is rain, once in a while. If not here, then somewhere else, surely.

Wild spring has stepped in for her stolid winter sister. It is April, and something is different. It is April, and the days have depth and vibrance.

It is April.

And so, dear listeners, Night Vale Community Radio is pleased to present The April Monologues.

Faceless Old Woman: Chad. Oh, Chad. I’m beginning to understand and…I wish I did not.

You used to wear nice shirts. You cut your hair regularly. Sometimes, while you slept, I would come in to keep it orderly and presentable for the next morning. You would shower, and shave, and dress for your internship. So plain and well kempt and precious, unaware of the Faceless Old Woman Secretly Living In Your Home.

And then, one day, you did not return home.

You love your home. You rarely leave, not even to be with other people. You play video games, and watched police dramas, and read books by comedians. You’ve always loved your solitude, and I have always thought you were special in how completely ordinary you seemed. Few young men are exactly what one thinks of when one thinks of a young man.

You were it, Chad. And I always looked out for you.

Remember that terrible roach problem you had? You tried all kinds of traps and poisons, but nothing worked? Only one day you returned home to find thousands of roach corpses scattered across your floor, each one with its legs tied and its head removed, and there was a hand-scrawled note that said “They’ll not bother you again.”

That was me. I did that.

Well, I didn’t kill the roaches, that was the exterminator you called. He was, very thorough at his job. But I wrote the note, Chad. That note was me.

We had a good way about us. I lived secretly and facelessly in your home, and you…well, you kind of did, too. Only, metaphorically.

But then one night you didn’t return home.

I saw in your emails (I loved reading your emails, Chad, so compellingly bland) you had to go check out a used and discount sporting goods store. Something for your work. But that store was not what it claimed to be, and you didn’t return home for months. The landlord came by in your long absence, but I scared her off with this terrifying noise I can make using only a leather belt and a bird.

You left your home, and I protected it for you.

But when you returned, things were different. Oh, how different! Your crisp button shirts all unbuttoned and wrinkled, dangling on hooks like dried pelts from a misguided hunt.

These days you rarely notice the little things I do. Like when I painted the inside of your bathtub black, or glued blurry photos of spiders into the bottom of your mugs. You don’t even play video games anymore. You wear hoods and light candles. You drew a star in the middle of your floor, which…actually, I can totally get behind.

Your emails, which were once so wonderfully calm and full of mailing lists, and then social invitations, and social invitation rejections, and food delivery receipts, the tale of a stagnant nothing of a man, so perfectly lovable in his comfy inertia…now they are terse, coded messages to a girl I think you are destroying.

“Found a door. Come over,” this one says.

“He is here, and he is good,” this one says.

“Candles are growing again,” this one says.

I do not like these candles you have that grow when lit, and melt when not. And I certainly do not like him.

What you brought to us here in this little town, my town, the town I secretly live in, what you summoned…I stopped secretly living in your house because I was afraid of it. But now I have returned because I feel – unusual for me – some obligation to do something, to prevent this coming disaster.

Listen to me. It is five in the morning and you are asleep, but I am at your ear quietly asking you – telling you – I’m begging you really, Chad. Did you ever think that I would beg you? Beg anyone? I haven’t begged since I was a child aboard that wicked ship. Those men didn’t listen either, Chad, which is the reason I lived at the bottom of the ocean for so many years before this place, this desert, this town, this apartment…

Chad, what happened to you in that store that wasn’t a store? What did they turn you into? What have you brought into this reality? Do you even know the destruction that awaits this town? Not just this town, perhaps the world? That is not a door you have opened, Chad.

When is a door not a door?

When it is a chasm.

I know you cannot see or hear me, for I live secretly, but I beg you. If somehow my voice seeps into your dreams and sticks in your memory, you must undo what you have done, before it is too late. You must–

Chad? That creature, that monster you summoned is here. It is staring at me with eyes that could never be mistaken for human. It’s walking toward me. How does it see me, Chad? No one sees me!

Chad?!? It is licking my hand! Stop it! It’s bringing me a tennis ball! The puppy is bringing me a ball! I will not play fetch with you, hound!

How do you see me, you monster?

Chad? We must undo–

GET AWAY FROM ME!

You must undo what you have done. It means nothing but ill will to this town, to this world, and most importantly, from my perspective, to a Faceless Old Woman That Secretly Lives In Your Home.

Stop staring at me, you unholy beast! There, beagle, go fetch your stupid ball!

[Static, with Disparition’s “Song for the Other Side” playing faintly]

Cecil: Growth turns our thoughts to decline. Each new sprout brings to mind the decay out of which it grows. Each thing leads to its opposite. Every moment contains multitudes. Every second is the history of the universe, if taken at its composite parts.

Let us take this moment at its composite parts. Break down this day into each person’s thoughts. We return you now to The April Monologues.

Michelle Nguyen: I’ve been thinking lately about loneliness. Not because I’m lonely, I just like to be ahead of the curve when it comes to thinking about things. Ugh, obviously I’m not lonely. I’m Michelle Nguyen, owner of the coolest (and only) record store in town, and I’m not lonely! I’m just, like, a performance artist, and my medium is solitude.

I’ve been listening to a lot of hopcore lately. It’s my new favorite genre. It’s recordings of a person hopping.

*Thump* *Thump* *Thump*

…but soft.

*thump*  *thump*   *thump*

Totally great. You wouldn’t have heard of it. Because I made it myself, and I’ve shared it with no one. It’s a recording of me hopping. I recorded that and I’m listening to it. It’s the new thing.

Maureen came by. Nervous, jaw clenched, hair parted, hands fluttering, stopping, restarting, sighing Maureen. She was looking for something new to listen to, said things were stressful at her internship. She had to led an army, or whatever? And she needed something that would relax her.

I suggested easy listening, like Slayer or some silence, but she said she was tired of all the top 40 stations playing no sound at all. Silence is too mainstream, and she wanted something new.

I’ll be honest, I actually like silence. I shouldn’t; it’s, like, so popular, but my favorite silence is the hum of a dryer from the next floor down. I also like the swish of a highway that you thought was too far away to hear, but now that it’s so quiet you can hear it, distant and dissipating. Like, the sizzle of foam on a wave.

I gave Maureen Leonard Cohen’s new album, the one where he talks in a gravely voice and women sing along behind him. She rolled her eyes and walked out. I think she liked it.

Hold on.

Welcome to Dark Owl Records. Hey, Larry. Oh you want the new album by the Beatles? How original. Well, all the dubstep stuff is upstairs.

It’s like that old joke: I listen to Bach often but never the Beatles.

*thump*  *thump*   *thump*

I love this hopcore recording! I made it on the old beige carpet of the back office here at the store. I did it in socks so it would be extra quiet. You have to hold still, like, even hold your breath to hear it. But it’s there.

*thump*  *thump*

You have to really pay attention to notice me, but I’m there.

I don’t actually listen to Bach often. What a sellout! Did you see his HBO special? Ugh! I didn’t, but I bet it was bad.

It’s a quiet time for record sales. Usually it’s really busy, which is annoying. I hate it when people who are, like, “Please, I want to pay you a lot of money for physical albums!” It’s like, get in line, you know? Get in that line. The one leading to the cash register. I’ll ring you up when it’s your turn.

But I’ve let the temporary staff dissolve back into mud for the season, and I won’t have to mutter the incantations to bring them back to life for another month or two. It’s just me, behind the counter. Me, like always.

I’m all I need. I’m the ultimate underground hit. No one’s heard of me. No one’s listening. Just the way I like it.

Yes, I know this is a one story building, Larry! I was being metaphorical. I don’t actually have any Beatles albums. It’s like the old joke: I listen to Bach often, but…

He left. His loss.

Maureen came by. Steady, jaw tight, hair loose, hands swinging, shuffling, restarting, sighing Maureen. She said she liked Leonard’s album, but she had heard it enough now. What else did I have?

I never thought I’d do this, but I gave her some of my favorite recordings of bees. I love those recordings! But I’ve listened to them enough times now that I don’t ever need to hear them again. It’s like, the sound became part of me, and I know it better than the recordings do, you know?

Hmm, maybe you don’t know. Probably not. You’re probably still listening to that Woody Guthrie single on repeat, because you just listen to whatever “big music” tells you too.

Oh, this is my favorite part of the hopcore recording. It’s the part where the thump of my hopping gets so quiet that it isn’t any sound at all. It’s a silence. And you have to know I’m there to recognize me in the silence. That I’m still hopping, even though you can’t hear it. Listen:

[Silence except for Disparition’s background music and, presumably, Michelle Nguyen hopping silently]

That’s me in there, in that no sound at all. They say music is made up of the spaces between the notes, and that life is made up of the moments when your eyes are close because you’re blinking. And that books are made up of blank pages that everyone pretends have words on them so they’ll seem smart.

I’m the blank. And the space. I’m the pause. I’m the gap.

Hold on, I have a customer.

I don’t actually have a customer; I just need a moment to myself. This is me, greeting someone. This is them, feeling like just because they’re in a record shop they’re entitled to, like, music, or whatever.

Ugh, that person is the worst! Hold on, someone is actually coming in.

Oh! It’s…I'll– I’ll be back.

Maureen came by. Satisfied, jaw loose, hair up, hands idling, striding, stopping, restarting, sighing Maureen. She said she loved the bees recording. She wanted something like it, but even more so. Similar, but so different that it would startle her.

I knew exactly what she meant with that thirst, but I didn’t know how to satisfy it. There’s only so much music, you know? And there’s so much human desire.

Well, you are not going to believe this. Probably, like, you won’t even understand. I gave her the recording of me hopping. I know that, like, ruins it because now someone else has listened to it, but somehow I don’t mind if Maureen hears it. I think, maybe even I like that. I hope she comes back soon.

I mean, don’t get me wrong. I love it when the record store is empty, when there are none of those annoying customers clamoring for music to listen to. Being alone is the best.

But I also kind of like it when Maureen comes by. Her being here is cool too, I guess.

I just have to figure out what album to show her next. Only, there’s so much good music, you know?

[Static, with Disparition’s “Book of Arrows” playing faintly]

Cecil: Each leads to the next. The seasons are a corridor we perceive through, and the door at the end of the corridor is black and depthless. Appreciate the warmth of this narrow corridor.

How small this world is! And how small we all are for living in it. And how joyful a smallness can be.

So let us return, for one last time, for one last small time, to The April Monologues.

Steve Carlsberg: I try to be helpful. I know I can’t always fix everything, I know my limits (and they are many), but still…I try to be helpful.

So when the kid came by, I did my best.

He was scared, sure, because he could see them too. The glowing arrows in the sky. Dotted lines and arrows and circles…see, the sky is a chart that explains the entire world, and he could see it! That’s a terrifying thing if you aren’t prepared for it.

Oh, he was shaking so bad. His ball cap was pulled low over his face.

“Steve!” he said. “Steve Carlsberg! I know you can see them too. Help me!”

And I tried. I…I– I tried to be helpful.

I like the evenings, when it’s quiet. In parts of the world, the big cities, things don’t change much from morning to afternoon to evening. The same even light, the same people in a hurry. But here, every time of day has a different tone and shade.

In the mornings, before anyone else is up, the desert is golden, and the horizon light illuminates every detail on the mountains to the west.

I feel bad for the folks who don’t believe in mountains, who won’t see, even when shown.

Then the birds come and hop around outside the kitchen window. Oh, I like to watch them as I make coffee. My brother-in-law, he never sees the birds on account of he likes to grind the coffee himself, and the pounding of his coffee hammer keeps all the birds away. But me? I don’t mind the pre-hammered stuff. It’s a soft trade for the birds.

And then the afternoon, when the light deepens and widens, and the mountains turn to blue cutouts against a white-blue sky!

And then the sunset, loud and fragrant, like sunsets usually are.

And then the evening, a vast, quiet empty. Just me and Abbey and Janice, floating, and island of a family in the rich darkness of the desert nothing.

The kid was so scared! Oh, boy. But he had it in him. He tries to be helpful too, I can tell! And so it wasn’t enough to know. He wanted to do something about it.

He said that he’d been sent to a sporting goods store that they thought might have been a front for the World Government. I know that place. The World Government isn’t the half of it! Go in that sporting goods store, you’re gonna find a real racket!

Ha-ha-ha-ha! I love puns!

But yeah, that place holds the core of it. And this kid, he goes in there and he sees it! And once you’ve seen it, once you know, you can’t ever not know. You can’t become who you once were after you’ve become what you are now.

Glowing arrows in the sky, dotted lines. He understood, like I understand.

The folks that run Night Vale, they think they have control. But you can’t control what a person knows! The more you think you have that contained, the more it eludes you. You might as well try to control the weather.

[Brief discordant music]

And they try to do that, too, using cloud seeding, drones, and laser arrays. But it never works out the way they planned.

“What can we do about it?” the boy kept asking. Poor kid.

I wish my brother-in-law took better care of his interns at the radio station. Didn’t send them to places they had no right being, like sporting good stores run by the World Government. But it’s not up to me. I suppose Cecil can run his life the way he wants, and he won’t ever hear from me about it. Not like the other way around, I suppose.

The kid understood how the world worked. He could see the structure of it and, oh, bless him, he wanted to fix it! To make it right again. And he wanted me to tell him how.

“Not much we can do but understand,” I told him. “Not much to do but know.”

But he wouldn’t accept it. He wanted to follow those glowing arrows in the sky like they were a map to somewhere, and not a labyrinth in which a monster lives.

“Listen,” I said. “Listen, Chad,” I said. “I think, in time, you’ll feel better. Hey, maybe get a puppy!” I told him. “We had a puppy infestation a few years back, hell on the insulation and some load-bearing joists, but it was just the cutest thing!”

“Yes,” he said. “Summon a puppy!”

“Well,” I said, “Sure, or just get a puppy. Like, ‘adopt’ is probably the word you’re looking for,” I said. “Adopt a puppy, sure. They smile, and wag their tails, and roll around, very cute!” I said.

“This is how we will change things,” he said. “Summon a puppy. The World Government will never see it coming!”

And he thanked me and walked away.

Oh, well. At least he’s not a station intern anymore. I’m sure he’ll be fine. What’s the worst that could happen? Ha-ha.

I sat out on the porch the rest of the day, just thinking, watching the wide light of afternoon narrow back down to the west, until I could smell the sunset coming. And then I went inside. It was Abby’s turn to make dinner, and it looked delicious! Oh-ho!

Maybe I should get a puppy, too. Add one more to our island of a family. A puppy could be just the thing. Janice would love it!

But not a puppy like that kid has now. I think, perhaps, that that’s no puppy at all. Maybe it was a mistake, my conversation with him. But what can I say? I try to be helpful.

Cecil: And so we reach the end of The April Monologues. There is much that could be said. I will say none of it.

Today’s proverb: Put your [static] in, take your [static] out. Put your [static] in and [static] all about.

86). Standing and Breathing (date)

I believe the children are our future. They are also our past and our present. This is how children work in linear time.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Mayor Dana Cardinal announced that last night’s air raid sirens were nothing to be alarmed by. Nor are the missing street and highway signs, nor are the angry people who were assigned to hold the signs and wave them about, using the maritime telegraphic language of semaphore, and who are now standing around dumbfounded and empty-handed. Nor should we yet concern ourselves with mailboxes, which have all been filled with what postal workers hope is just hair gel.

Following a meeting with the sheriff and the City Council, Mayor Cardinal says she believes this all to be the work of pranksters – perhaps the return of the feral dogs, who once defaced several concrete walls with libertarian street art – but the mayor and the Secret Police are not ruling out more sinister activity.

Sheriff Sam added, while whittling a piece of balsa into a polar bear, that it’s “definitely these foreigners, moving here from Desert Bluffs.”

The City Council said nothing. They mostly stood around behind the press conference podium texting and giggling. All of them had fresh haircuts, crisp upturned polo collars, and manicures.

The mayor said she would work closely with Sheriff Sam to find the culprits, but in the meantime, there’s no need for alarm.

Sam added that there was a need to remove all the foreigners.

More on this story as it develops.

But first, an update on the trial of Hiram McDaniels. Unable to find a jury of peers for a literal five-headed dragon, the court agreed to create artificial intelligence to simulate what five-headed dragon peers would be like, and then place that A.I. on the jury. For this project, they hired expert computer programmer Melony Pennington, who joins us now by phone.

Welcome to my show, Melony!

Melony: Welcome to your show! I mean hi, hello. It turns out you welcomed me, it doesn’t make sense to welcome you. Sorry, my mind was, you know, the expanse. The vast. The out there. I mean my mind is elsewhere. My mind is everywhere.

Cecil: Wonderful! And how are you–

Melony: Do you ever look at the stars? The stars. You know, the stars. Not each star, but some of the stars. I mean every single one of the stars at once. I mean the whole night sky added up. Do you ever look at the sum of the stars? The night sky, as an equation? Beauty as a math problem? Which it is – everything beautiful is math. Everything beautiful is a problem.

What was your question?

Cecil: Umm, how are you doing?

Melony: Oh. I’m fine.

Cecil: Melony, you sound familiar.

Melony: Do I sound familiar? You just said that, so I guess I do. You must have met one of my programs…or not met, none of them are sentient. You can’t meet things that have no sentience. Well, I guess you could be like, “Hi there, pile of rocks, I’m Melony,” just to see what happens. I suppose there is no set dogma for social engagement.

Oh, I wish I had a dog.

Have you ever met a rock?

What’s your name again?

Cecil: Well, mmm…I'm–

Melony: What I’m saying is that I probably sound familiar because all of my programs have the same voice as me. That’s how computer programming works.

Cecil: Have you ever programmed a computer that broadcasts on a radio station, specifically one that recites random numbers?

Melony: Oh, yes! The local numbers station, WZZZ. Yes, that was one of my early programs. And those numbers and chimes aren’t random, they’re encoded messages to foreign spies. Also a few pudding recipes and a funny cryptology poem or two.

Cecil: So you designed Fey, the voice of WZZZ!

Melony: Oh, the WZZZ program has no name, and absolutely no sentience. Not every program is sentient. That WZZZ program only recites numbers and tones. That’s all it does, and all it ever will do. It doesn’t know it exists.

Cecil: About that…see, there was a thing that happened a couple years ago…

Melony: Ugh, listen to me babbling on. You had me on to talk about the trial.

Cecil: Yes. Well, I understand there has been some controversy around the ethics of making a jury of peers from artificial intelligence, rather than actual five-headed dragons.

Melony: Oh, there are a lot more problems than just ethics. What are ethics, even? How can you quantify what is right? I mean, let’s assign a number on how ethical a computerized jury is.

Cecil: I’m gonna say it’s a low number, like 1.5 or 2.

Melony: But let’s make it on a scale of 0 to 3. So that’s pretty good! Everything’s going fine! Ethically speaking, anyway. But the programming has been tough. Have you ever even tried to program a computer?

Cecil: I barely know how to turn one on. Say, as long as I have a real computer expert on, do you have some basic computer tips for me and our listeners?

Melony: Oh! A public service like that would be really ethical, like a 2.5 or even a 3 on the ethicability scale. What a good idea! Here are some basic tips for the computer novice who’s hoping to one day write code that advances us closer to the singularity.

Tip 1: Computers can make you angry. Anything can make you angry. Computers are anything.
Tip 2: Is your computer plugged in? That’s probably illegal. You need a license to plug in a computer.
Tip 3: Computer programs are a lot like humans. They’re full of bugs – mostly theoretical, and invented by overly caffeinated lonely people in dark rooms.
Tip 4: Did I say that thing about the stars already?

Cecil: Yes, I…

Melony: Oh, good!

Tip 5: Create a strong password. The most secure password possible is (you’ll never guess this!) where the O is replaced with a zero, and the Ls are replaced with zeros, and all of the other letters are replaced with zeros. A string of 19 zeros is the most secure password.

Cecil: I added an exclamation point at the end of my password.

Melony: Exclamation points are impossible to hack! You are very secure.

Tip 6: There are two main types of computers. The first are PCs, or persona computers. Personal computers know your name, and things about your life, and are casual and friendly. Sometimes they’re overly personal and you end up having to say, “This is all too much. Back off, computer.” The second type of computer is the house cat. These are ambulant robotic quadrupeds used by the Secret Police to monitor our domestic behavior and try to understand why people like to stroke robots and talk in high voices to them.

Cecil: This has been very helpful!

Melony: Ah! Thank you for saying that! I love to be helpful! This trial has been so challenging, and everyone is upset. These days, I don’t feel helpful. These days I feel kind of useless and it gets me down.

Cecil: Aww. I know that feeling. You know, sometimes when I’m sad, I like to sing old hymns to myself.

Melony: Me too! Which one’s your favorite?

Cecil: ♫ I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter ♫

Cecil and Melony singing together: ♪ Dancin’ through the fire, ‘cause I am a champion, and you’re gonna hear me roar! ♪

Cecil: Oh!

Melony: Whoo! That’s my favorite passage from the Old Testament! [Sigh] I feel better already.

Cecil: Aww, thanks, Melony.

Melony: I’m sorry, I didn’t catch your name. Goodbye!

Cecil: The mayor’s office reports that perhaps their earlier call for not being alarmed was a bit premature, and that we could all stand to be a little more alarmed. Several dead animals have been found all over town – on sidewalks, in trees and fields, animal corpses everywhere.

This has happened before, listeners. Many of you remember the glowing cloud (all hail) that passed through Night Vale years ago, dropping dead animals on all of us. And since that first terrifying and bloody visit, the Glow Cloud (all bow before the mighty Cloud) has since settled down as a citizen of this town, even joining the school board, as the Glow Cloud’s child attends Night Vale Elementary.

It’s hard to believe that the Glow Cloud (all praise the malevolent Cloud who rules my every puny desire, et cetera, et cetera) would return to such dreadful acts of violence against animals…and rooftops. But again, it’s hard to know why anyone does anything.

John Peters – you know, the farmer? – standing out in his freshly-sown field of imaginary corn near his pastures said he saw a couple of mangled squirrels and expired possums.

He added, “I seen them strangers too, the ones what don’t move 'cept for their breathin’? Just breathin’ and breathin’ and sometimes getting a little closer than you think they were a second ago, despite not lookin’ like they were even movin’.”

He also said he finally received a card from his brother Jim, who left town nearly 40 years ago to fight in the Blood Space War. The message inside simply read, “Happy 12th birthday, little brother! Only three months into my mission, and I am already missing you something fierce, Johnny!”

John covered his face and pointed to one of the strangers out on the edge of the corn field.

“Yeah, it’s definitely them strangers what’s killin’ these animals.”

John then began weeping and clutching the birthday card – on it, a farmer caricature holding balloons, and a caption reading, “I love you, 'cows’ you’re my brother” – tightly to his heaving chest.

And now, a word from our sponsor.

Today’s show is brought to you by Papa John’s. At Papa John’s we make pizza with only the freshest ingredients, using old-world recipes passed down from our family’s many generations of pizza makers. Nearly all of these pizza makers are still alive, making pizza and passing down recipes. They live in the back. We’re running out of room for them.

We’ve long given up on thinking they’d eventually die. Why don’t they die? I mean, we love them, but there are close to 50 people in our family dating back to at least the 1800s, their bodies aging and failing, but never…you know…dying.

Perhaps it’s our secret recipes causing that.

You’d think so, but it’s not. Because a few members of our family have actually passed away…although, now that we’re thinking about it, those were public executions for treason back during the first World War. And another couple were car accidents.

Maybe it is the sauce?

Either way, visit your local Papa John’s. Order a delicious pizza. How hard can it be? Immortality, we mean.

Papa John’s. It’ll be fine.

And now, a look at traffic.

They met through a mutual acquaintance. They shook hands and met eyes. Over food and drinks, and among friends, they laughed and told stories.

Occasionally their eyes lingered. Occasionally one looked away first. They shared a brief but quiet and private moment on the front porch. It was getting late. People were leaving. It was a new moon that night. Neither would remember that part.

One of them said goodbye as they headed to their car. The other said goodbye back. They hugged, both thinking in that short embrace about the other’s body against their own, about the topography of forgiveness, and the geography of tomorrow.

“See you again soon, I hope.”

“Yes, you too.”

They parted as the one drove away. Later, the other drove away. It was a fun party with good friends, good food and drinks. They would remember the laughing and the stories. They would not remember the moon or the name of the other. It wouldn’t come up again.

They later met other people, and still other people. Later, they would drive home, and drive home. They never met again. They both lived meaningful lives: laughing drinking, eating, and driving home.

This has been traffic.

While officers from the Sheriff’s Secret Police are now responding to a series of power outages and broken water mains, witnesses have reported a strange sight at the city’s Dog Park. Hooded figures, which are sometimes glimpsed inside the Dog Park, were all lined up outside the Dog Park, as if standing guard. A long row of dark cloaks and hoods, humming and chanting.

Witnesses kept a great distance from this scene, simply noting the hooded figures were all of equal height and imposing stature, spaced evenly around the forbidden municipal park.

The sidewalks in front of them were empty, except for one young couple – and their dog – who walked slowly past the sentries, unperturbed by the presence of these eldritch figures, emanating a crescendo of white noise. Witnesses watched the couple stroll past the park, turn a corner, and disappear from sight.

The witnesses reported that just around that corner, where the couple had walked, was a different person – a stranger, staring right back at the witnesses. They did not recognize the person, for the person had no noticeable features.

The stranger did not appear to move, except for its steady breathing.

No single witness saw the stranger move, but suddenly it was closer to the crowd of onlookers, merely feet away from them.

One of the witnesses said, “We should run away.”

Another agreed, “Yes, let’s run away.”

They did not go anywhere.

And now, let’s check in on the weather.

[“Well Dressed” by Hop Along]

If you can hear me, Night Vale, it is because you are one of those still with electricity, or whose home is not on fire.

Oh, breaking news, there are a bunch of fires across town. They are spreading from home to home. Fire chief Ramona Encarnación said that she believes the fires were started by the neglect of common but dangerous things like kitchen ranges, candles, cigarettes, and blood stones.

Encarnación said these strangers are appearing at doorways, and in windows, and inside showers, and from behind refrigerators, just staring and breathing and otherwise not moving. Upon seeing these strangers, the residents of those homes became frozen in fear, and thus incapable of tending to their flammable items.

“Never leave a blood stone unattended, Night Vale!” Encarnación cautioned.

Mayor Dana Cardinal finally relented to the sheriff’s request to try to round up the strangers. Sheriff Sam responded with a jumping heel click, and a “You won’t be sorry, mayor!” as they ran out to start making arrests.

Sam has long held that the strangers are just troublemakers who’ve moved here from the collapsed town of Desert Bluffs, our former neighbors. But upon arriving at several of the burning homes, Sam began to have a change of mind…or belief.

These strangers were not from Desert Bluffs at all. These strangers, Sam now believes, are something else.

“They are not from here,” Sam said. “Not here meaning Night Vale, but…HERE.” Sam then indicated the broadness of the term 'here’ by swinging their arm slowly to indicate the entirety of the tangible world we all pretend to know and understand.

The Secret Police, instead of arresting or detaining or…even getting near the strangers, began to move the petrified residents of each of these homes safely away to an undisclosed location. Which, I assume, means the same thing as a safe location, since the Secret Police are law enforcement professionals…?

The strangers never moved, other than their steady breaths, even when they sometimes appeared dramatically closer than they were before.

“The strangers seemed to have no goal other than to threaten our well-being, Night Vale,” Sam explained wordlessly, using only a long ribbon and floor dance routine to express the dire situation we are all facing. “My Secret Police and I will to serve and protect you. Secretly, of course. This is off the record. In the meantime, stay in your homes, and lock your doors. If you see a stranger, keep moving, and call us. We’re an unlisted number, actually, so…maybe email,” Sam said with a flick of their ribbon and a double somersault.

Night Vale, I…I think back to the words of Little League coach and ghost Lucia Tereschenko. “They’re no longer coming. They’re here. And we cannot stop something that wants nothing.”

And I think of the image of that young couple and their dog, blithely passing the row of fearful hooded figures. No doubt it was Maureen, and that boy, and that beagle. Maureen is such a good kid! And that beagle? So, so cute! So CUTE! Ugh. But I fear for whatever it is she and that boy and that dog are involved in.

Heed our sheriff tonight, Night Vale. Stay safe in your home. Get away fast of you see one of them.

Stay tuned next for words, ordered intentionally and confidently, saying something, understanding nothing.

And, as always, goodnight, Night Vale.

Ooh! Maybe lock those windows, too.

Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Call me old fashioned, but I believe there should be only one continent.

87). The Trial of Hiram McDaniels (date)

Numbers don’t lie. But humans using numbers lie all the time.

Welcome to Night Vale.

The trial of Hiram McDaniels – five-headed dragon, former mayoral candidate, and current presumed criminal – is coming to a close. There are only a few minor legal technicalities to get through, such as testimony from the remaining witnesses, arguments from the lawyers, and deliberation from the jury. And then, we’ll have all that bureaucratic mess out of the way and be able to get to the verdict. We’ll be covering the trial as it continues, so stay tuned here for all your trial info.

And now for Community Classifieds.

Item: Big Rico’s Pizza is looking for a new cashier. Must have retail experience and be good at not talking if they know what’s good for them. No funny business! No secret wheat speakeasies. Why would you even bring that up? Who have you been talking to? To apply, look at yourself in the mirror for a long time, until your face no longer seems to be your own.

Item: Have you seen a tall shadow where no shadow should be cast? Have you seen a person exist in two places at the same time? Have you seen a young girl with an upside-down face? No, you haven’t. That would be ridiculous! Grow up! Sincerely, Richard. Also, if anyone’s seen my wife, please let me know.

Item: Lost cat. Blindingly bright, orb-shaped, often visible in the sky during daylight hours. If found, please worship.

And finally,

Item: I haven’t forgotten you all. I let you live the first time. The next time you may not be so lucky. Love, The Woman From Italy.

This has been Community Classifieds.

The Night Vale Parks Department announced that after a multi-year, 5 million dollar repair and renovation project, the Beatrix Lowman Memorial Meditation Zone is once again open for public use. The Meditation Zone, a state-of-the-art meditation facility, was destroyed by a multidimensional sentient pyramid almost four years ago. But the Parks Department used that crisis as an opportunity to update the meditation mats, equipment, and machines. Now you can be hooked up and meditating in no time! And it’s almost twice as efficient as before, when measured in gallons per kilowatt.

The rebuilding was funded with a simple tax levied on every school child per school day they attended, and the construction only went three years and 4.9 million dollars over budget. We look forward to enjoying the new Beatrix Lowman Memorial Meditation Zone for years to come.

Today the mayor herself, my former intern and current friend Dana Cardinal, took the witness stand in Hiram’s trial – the final witness in the trial of the century. She looked at the citizen who had tried to overthrow her beating heart, to sabotage her lungs, to end the administration of life within her body, and calmly she met his eyes. And then calmly, she met his eyes. And then she met his eyes calmly. And then, still calm, she met his eyes. She did not even glance at the violet head, the only head who did not participate in the crimes against her.

Her hands were tight in front of her. Her shoulders were back. She looked tired, and she looked determined, and heavy with stress, and still barreling forward.

Judge Azdaq asked her to swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but.

“You want the whole truth?” Dana said.

Everyone got very quiet. That is not a question that is asked often in a town like ours, and it carries a dangerous weight.

“I will give you all of it. And nothing but,” she said.

The defense attorney and the prosecutor, two identical men both named Troy Walsh, objected in unison. Although their objections were unclear, and consisted of a high-pitched panicked “No, stop her!” the judge upheld both objections.

But Dana ignored all this.

“Being mayor means carrying many secrets,” she said. “I am so young to carry so much. Now, you will share in my burden.”

And she began to tell the truth. All of it, as she knew it. Obviously we can report nothing of what she said. Most of the crowd fled, horrified of what would be done with them if they heard even a fragment of the mayor’s testimony. The judge felt obligated to stay, but put on the sound-canceling headphones they assign all judges so none of them will hear anything that might make life too complicated. Only Hiram, already charged, already a criminal, listened with interest as Dana unfurled the shadows within her.

And then, she was done. She said, “Thank you,” nodded to the judge, nodded to Hiram, collected her belongings, and walked out of the courtroom.

So the trial is continuing just fine, and we should reach justice – whatever that means – quite soon.

Obviously, the transcript for this day of the trial will be burned, along with the court stenographer.

And now, the Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner.

Up is up, and down is down.
Left is right, and right is left.

To the west there are the highest highs,
and to the east there are the lows.
The up top is where the bluebirds go,
and the witching happens down below.

If you need to cross the street,
mind your shoes and mind your feet.
For there are more to streets than horns that bleat,
or cars that speed, or lights that lead.

There is something stranger yet
that wants to take you, don’t forget.
Yes, there is something stranger still,
and if it can, it could and it would and it will.

Its teeth are sharp, its eyes are sharp,
its voice a dulcet maze.
So walk real quick and step real light,
and always look both ways.

Look to the left to see your own death,
and look to the right to avoid a great fright.

And look for what hides under the cars that pass by,
under the trucks that speed,
under the pavement weeds,
under the asphalt and sand,
look for a quick grasping hand.

Up is up, and down is down.
Left is right, and right is left.

To the west there are the highest highs, and to the east there are the lows.
The up top is where the bluebirds go, and the witching happens down below.

This has been the Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner.

The Night Vale Airport announced a trial run of international flights. Previously there were only the regular flights to LAX, JFK, XTA, Burbank, and – of course – King City. But now, airport administration is unveiling plans to reach more than 50 international destinations including Mexico, Double Mexico, and Svitz.

How these plans can be achieved – in a one-terminal airport with no customs facilities and only the capacity to handle two passenger planes at a time – has not been answered.

Martin McCaffrey, local representative of the TSA, waved away objections to the changes. Standing in front of reporters and literally waving his arms in physical dismissal of the questions being raised. He also added an occasional “Pshhht!” and eye roll.

He then gave a statement:

“Now that I have provided an official response to the technical questions on this matter, it’s time to talk about what’s important to this town.”

He opened a box, which contained hundreds – if not thousands – of hand-drawn sketches depicting a strange, elongated dark figure crawling out of a kitchen refrigerator.

Martin said, “I find one of these on my pillow each morning when I wake up. I don’t know who is drawing them, or why. Who is doing this to me?”

He collapsed to his knees, his face a perfect portrait of anguish, while above him the bright pink banner saying, “CELEBRATING A NEW AIRPORT FOR A NEW NIGHT VALE” flapped loudly in the rising wind, each gust bringing a sharp bark of plastic as Martin crouched beneath, retreated into a sad helpless silence.

You know, I haven’t traveled out of the country in a long time. I have half a mind to hop on one of those planes and head to Svitz again…ooh, or even somewhere new! Maybe Carlos and I could check out a nice resort somewhere tropical. Ahh, that’d be so fun!

Mmm…Martin is now weeping, and crawling away from the podium, dragging his crumpled-up sketches with him, spit and snot dripping off his face, forming a trail in the dirt below him.

A tropical vacation could be just what we need!

And finally, a word from our sponsors.

Today’s show is sponsored by Kleenex brand tissue products.

We know that you have a lot of choices when it comes to your nose. For instance, you could choose to simply not have one. Just pop it right off and go on with your day unhindered. Or you could choose to have multiple decorative noses that turn your face into a provocative modern sculpture. But instead, you decided to have just the one nose…that half the time doesn’t work, and is exactly between your eyes, where it sits distractingly in your vision at all times for no reason. Of course, your brain tunes that out…unless someone calls attention to it, so I guess that’s not too bad.

But, in general, you’ve chosen the barely-functioning weird nose you have. And we’re sure glad you did!

Kleenex brand tissue products. You have a lot of choices in life. We’re glad you – for some reason – chose the faulty body you have.

This has been a word from our sponsors.

Update from the trial:

In a last-minute surprise, there has been a complete turnover in the makeup of the jury. Previously, the jury was made up of seven humans and an A.I. simulating a five-headed dragon. This was all pretty standard. But now, without warning, announcement, or any decision from the judge, the seven humans were removed from the jury. In their stead were seven strangers. The strangers were unmoving, unblinking. They breathed audible, even breaths. The hiss of air through their nostrils, eyes fixed on nothing.

Judge Azdaq said that she does not approve of this change…but also that she’s too scared to question it. And anyway, she would find it hard to enforce any actions against it, since the bailiff, too, is now a stranger, unmoving, except that every time the judge looks away and looks back again, she swears the stranger is slightly closer than she was before.

The defense attorney, on behalf of the four heads he represents, offered strong objections from behind his desk, where he was hiding from the strangers. The prosecuting attorney joined his objections, and also joined him behind the desk.

There was very little comment from the observers in the gallery – as most of them, too, had been replaced by unmoving breathing strangers.

“Well, I guess we should get right to deliberations, then,” shouted the judge through the closed and locked door of her chambers.

“But we haven’t even given our closing arguments!” said both attorneys simultaneously, sitting back-to-back so that they could keep their eyes on as many of the strangers as possible.

The judge considered this argument, and responded by screaming that one of the strangers was in her chamber, and how did he get in there? The Troys did not have an answer for that, and so the deliberations begin.

Listeners, while we wait to hear the verdict to this eventful and historic trial, let us take a quick peak at the weather.

[“Cocaine” by Holy Moly]

The trial of Hiram McDaniels is over. A verdict has been reached.

The jury that consisted of an A.I. simulation of a five-headed dragon and seven silent unmoving strangers only deliberated for a few minutes before returning with a verdict of guilty on all charges.

The strangers breathed heavy, visible breaths. The A.I. booped and whistled. It was all very quiet, and polite, and quick.

Hiram’s heads responded in ways as different as their personalities.

Green, of course, roared and spat out a stream of fire unlike any ever seen from him before – white in its pure heat.

Gold nodded gravely, a politician politically accepting bad news.

Blue didn’t react visibly at all.

Gray slumped and curled into his own long neck, a look of supreme dejection on his reptilian features.

And Purple sat tall – in satisfaction, rather than celebration.

Judge Azdaq said, “Well, let’s get to sentencing then.” And Troy Walsh, lawyer for the defendants, prepared to speak, but the judge went on to say, “There are no arguments to be made. If Hiram is guilty of attacking the mayor, of attacking the very civic structure of our town, then Hiram must be put to death. We have no choice,” she concluded.

Even Troy Walsh, the prosecuting attorney, was taken aback by this sudden and severe sentence. He met eyes with his identical legal opposition, and made a small shrug. “What am I supposed to do here?” he signaled through the expressive language of the body. “This isn’t my problem, I guess. It’s a problem, but not my problem.”

The judge continued. “Sentence will be carried out once all appeals have been received and disposed of. The guilty four heads will be killed with a single bullet each, so as not to harm the lungs, heart, or any other part of the body shared with the violet head, who is not charged by this court.”

“But,” Violet shouted. “But I am connected to them completely! If my other heads die, then I will die, too!”

Green continued to roar, and for the first time, there was a hard spine of anguish within the pulse of his anger.

Gray sobbed loudly and unashamed.

Gold, still nodding at the court with a politician’s poker face, surprised himself by throwing up – and, in doing so, gave up the pretense of geniality. He, too, began to sob.

“I’m afraid,” said Judge Azdaq, removing her glasses and cleaning them distractedly with a bit of her robe, “that justice is more important than the life of every innocent who comes through this court. If there is damage to more than the perpetrators, then that is unfortunate, but unavoidable. Take him away.”

Since the bailiff was an unmoving stranger, the helpful (but doomed) court stenographer led Hiram away.

Violet howled that she couldn’t do this, that he was not charged with any crime, but no one intervened.

A janitor trundled her cart forward to mop up the vomit left by Gold.

The few humans left observing the court seemed at a loss for what to do, and started to disperse in uncertain, uneven groups.

The A.I. did not move, because it was a computer.

The strangers in the courtroom did not move, either – although they seemed just a little closer to the onlookers than they were before.

And so…that’s it. That was the trial of Hiram McDaniels. He will be killed. His violet head, innocent, will also die.

So that’s justice…I guess. I guess we’ve done it. Good work, us…I guess.

Stay tuned next for the awful void of your own doubts and feelings.

Goodnight…I guess.

Today’s proverb: “Them’s the brakes, kid,” said the most annoying driving instructor ever.

88). Things Fall Apart (date)

[Sound of phone ringing as heard by the person who made the call]

Female phone voice: Citywide utility failures continue to haunt us, but not as much as the strangers who do not appear to move.

Welcome to the Night Vale Public Utilities Phone Line.

If you’re calling with a water, power, gas, phone, or surveillance camera malfunction, please press 1.

If you just called to chat…

[Sound of 1 being pressed]

Night Vale is currently experiencing citywide power outages, as well as polluted water supplies, and several gas leaks. It’s not our fault, but H.R. says we should apologize for the inconvenience. Sorry, I guess.

It’s not like we’re not experiencing the same thing, though, so maybe you could reciprocate the sympathies?

Cecil: I’m sorry?

Female phone voice: Thank you.

To pay your bill, press 1.

To compliment the fine work of the Utilities Department, press 2.

To whine about your personal problems…

Cecil: I’m not complimenting the fine work of the Utilities Department.

Female phone voice: I can repeat that last option, if you need.

To compliment the fine work of the Utilities Department, press 2.

[Extended silence]

Okay, fine.

To whine about your personal problems, press 3.

To schedule a service technician, press

[Sound of 4 being pressed]

You pressed 4. I didn’t give you an option 4, you just assumed the next number and then cut me off mid-sentence.

Cecil: Oh, good God!

Female phone voice: I’m sorry, is this hard for you? Do you need a hug? Do you need me to sing you a lullaby and feed you? Here comes the airplane spoon to feed the hungry hungry boy! Vroom! Mmm, tasty carrots! Feel better now?

Cecil: Wow, the phone tree is getting snippy!

Female phone voice: Don’t be rude. I am a person, not a phone tree. This is my job, to record every possible phrase for every possible person’s possible need. I recorded all of it. I’m a real human, with a body, and needs, and a family. And I have a name. I am Maggie Pennebaker. I’m not a “disembodied lady voice” who will passively ignore your whiny entitlement.

Cecil: I – I’m sorry, Maggie. Are…are we speaking live?

Female phone voice Maggie Pennebaker: You selected “schedule a service technician.” Please hold.

Our next available service date is between the hours of:

Male phone voice: one

Maggie: and

Male phone voice: five p.m.

Maggie: on

Male phone voice: September 4th, 2005

Maggie: in the

Male phone voice: common era.

Cecil: That was 11 years ago!

Maggie: To have time explained to you like you were a five year-old, please hang up now and give up on ever having realistic expectations.

To confirm this appointment, press 1.

To speak to a customer service representative, press 2.

[Sound of 2 being pressed]

All operators are currently

Male phone voice: shouldering the immense burden

Maggie: of

Male phone voice: societal displeasure.

Maggie: Please continue to hold. Current wait time is

Male phone voice: super long.

Cecil: Aaaagh!

[Sound of  call disconnecting, then another dialed phone ringing on the line]

Carlos: Hey, Pooh!

Cecil: Hey, Bunny. Listen, Carlos? The power is out here at the station. I can’t even do my show! I’ve been trying to get through to the Utilities, but they’re slammed with calls.

Carlos: Oh, I talked to my friend Maggie, who works there. She said her cousin has an extra generator we can borrow.

Cecil: You know Maggie?

Carlos: Yeah! She used to work with me part-time as a lab assistant. Also, Josie came by with her friends and dropped off some bottled water. Even John Peter has stopped by. You know John Peter, he’s the–

Cecil: Yes, John Peters, the farmer. I know.

Carlos: No. John Peter, remember? The pharmacist. Anyway, he dropped off your prescription this morning.

Cecil: Oh, well that was nice of him!

Carlos: Listen, since you don’t have to work today, you should come back home! It’s bad out there, and if you’re going to get killed or possessed by one of the strangers…I’d rather you do it here with me! I’ll make us some lunch, and we can play Cards In Favor Of Humanity.

Cecil: Aw, that sounds great, but I still need to get to the bottom of what is going on in this city. Intern Kareem pulled some documents for me that he says I need to read through, and I have some calls to make. The invasion by these strangers is a big story, and even if I can’t broadcast it, I still need to find some way to report it. I’ll call you later.

Carlos: You’re so good at your job.

Cecil: You are too, Carlos. Oh, how’s your research going?

Carlos: Well, I’ve been examining some of the places where the strangers have been spotted. I have a meter that makes squawking sounds sometimes, you know? And I’m uncertain if those last two sentences are related. Cecil, Be careful. And…if you see one of the strangers, just get out of there quickly, and call me, okay?

Cecil: We’ve survived one at the station before. I think I’ll be fine.

Carlos: Well, past performance is not an indicator of future results, but…I love you.

Cecil: Okay. Bye.

[Sound of  call disconnecting, then another dialed phone ringing on the line]

Sheriff Sam [“Kill V. Maim” by Grimes plays faintly in the background while the Sheriff is on the phone]: Howdy! Sheriff Sam.

Cecil: Sheriff? Hi, this is Cecil Palmer, over at Night Vale Community Radio?

Sheriff: What I just said was off the record. Don’t play it on air.

Cecil: You only said “howdy.”

Sheriff: No, I didn’t.

Cecil: Okay. Sheriff, I’m not even on the air right now. No one is listening to this call, except the Secret Police, the City Council, the mayor, and…well, some neighborhood espionage clubs, but they have our community’s best interests at heart.

Look, I’m calling because I wanted to find out what the Secret Police know about the strangers who are showing up all over town. Are the structural failures related to their presence here?

Sheriff: Now, by “strangers,” do you mean the foreigners from Desert Bluffs, who are taking over our beautiful city after they managed to run their own city into the dirt? Or are you referring to the people who don’t seem to move, except for their breathing, who stand and stare at seemingly nothing, and who – without any noticeable motion – suddenly appear much closer, and who cause our citizens to stand trance-like until they’re taken or killed or subsumed or converted into non-moving strangers themselves?

Cecil: The latter.

Sheriff: Cecil [the Sheriff pronounces it “sess-ill” throughout the conversation]. There are two sinkholes opened up on Route 800. The dam along Night Vale Lake broke. Fortunately our lake is just an empty dust hole, but it still broke wide open. Also, I have a caffeine headache, even though I don’t drink caffeine!

Cecil: That just sounds like a headache, then.

Sheriff: Look, I don’t want the media dictating to me what is or is not a caffeine headache! The point is, things are falling apart, but not in the fun way – in the awful way!

Cecil: There’s a fun way?

Sheriff: Well yes, like…during a scheduled earthquake, or ho-ho! Or when the lizard people dig new tunnels below old buildings.

Cecil: [Laughs] Oh, oh, of course! Of course. Oh! What about the former Desert Bluffs residents who moved to Night Vale? Are…are the strangers doing the same to them?

Sheriff: Who cares?

Cecil: Well, I care! The people who know them care! They’re humans, Sheriff! And as a reporter, I will report that you said that.

Sheriff: Well, I’m the sheriff of a secret police force, so, no you won’t. You won’t do that at all.

[Awkward pause]

Ha-ha! I’m just playing with you! I have a dry sense of humor, you might have missed that. I was delivering a real threat to your life, but in a teasing way. Ha-ha. You definitely won’t report anything I tell you.

Some of those Desert Bluffs people we can’t even track. Not all of them stayed here, some of them moved away. In our regular interrogations and detentions of these non-citizens, we’ve learned that a lot of them moved to some other place, which they say feels a bit more like home. I don’t know anything about that, except that I’m happy to get them out of here. They can set up all the Joyous Congregations of the Smiling God that they want some other place!

Just tell your listeners that everything is fixed, and everyone is safe. The Sheriff saved the day.

Cecil: But you didn’t do anything!

Sheriff: Got to go, Cecil! Just got some new calligraphy pens I need to break in before the press conference to announce that all is lost.

Cecil: Uh, it’s Cecil [pronounced “see-sill”], thanks.

[Sound of  call disconnecting, then another dialed phone ringing on the line]

Michelle Nguyen: Dark Owl Records, please shut up about music before you embarrass yourself.

Cecil: Michelle? Hey, it’s Cecil. I hate to bother you but I’m trying to track down Maureen. I heard that you two are friends.

Michelle: I only talked about Maureen privately into my audio journal. Did you listen to the monologue I recorded?

Cecil: Yes, I played it on the air six weeks ago.

Michelle: I didn’t want anyone to hear that! That was personal!

Cecil: Michelle, you mailed me a cassette with a note that said “Here’s my monologue to play on your show, Cecil!”

Michelle: But that was me from more than a month ago. I hate that me. Haven’t you ever made mistakes in your youth?

Cecil: Yes. Many. Michelle, you’ve talked to Maureen recently, how is she?

Michelle:She’s fine. I mean, she’s not that into leading an army, or whatever, but it’s just a thing she does for a living. I sell records, you talk on the radio, Maureen leads the army of unmoving strangers.

Cecil: She’s the leader of the strangers?

Michelle: Or whatever. Maureen was sweet, and let me see one of the strangers up close. They smell like compost, and are all gray, and they make you feel cold. They’re really beautiful, but they’ll devour your soul and turn you into one of them. Maureen says it’s super painful when they do that, and the transformation is for forever. That’s why they can only stand and breathe, and not really move, because they’re in so much pain for so long, trapped in immortal bodies.

It was cool. Kind of cool. I mean, I don’t know. Will you hate me if I like something?

Cecil: Michelle, how did you get up close to one without being devoured?

Michelle: Maureen said she’d keep me safe from them, because we’re each others’ only friends. Maureen’s a…kind person. She does like country music, but I think friendship is sometimes about compromise. If it means getting to be around her, I’m perfectly happy covering my ears and humming the Bob’s Burgers theme.

Cecil: What about the boy in the hoodie, who hangs out with Maureen?

Michelle: Chad? Chad’s okay, I guess. He’s just Maureen’s boss, though. She has to hang around him a bunch and watch his evil dog. It’s just work, you know?

Cecil: Michelle, I…

Michelle: Cecil? Music sometimes calms me. You want to hear a song I really like?

Cecil: Sure.

Michelle: Okay, here you go.

[“Palestine” by Sam Baker, featuring Carrie Elkin]

Cecil: That was a wonderful song, Michelle!

Michelle: Are you still talking about that song I started playing five minutes ago? I’ve moved on from that. Glad you like oldies so much.

Anyway, Maureen’s new phone number is Old Town-57614.

Cecil: Thanks, Michelle.

[Sound of  call disconnecting, then another dialed phone ringing on the line]

Maureen: Hi, this is Maureen. I am probably at work, or asleep, or somewhere else. Somewhere listening to the sound of the moon slowly trying to peel off our oceans with its gravity, pulling its weak little chalky speck of a body, grabbing this blue giant and tearing away at its watery skin. A futile fight. A spinning battle of large and small. And in the sky you can hear the whirling of the battling siblings.

Or maybe I just don’t want to take your call. Or maybe I’m dead. Or maybe you’re dead, and this is the voicemail you get when you die.

“Hi, Maureen here, sorry you’re dead! For some reason, I’m the one person you wanted to call the moment you left behind your short life, and I’m not even here to take it. So sorry, newly-dead person! Make sure you leave a phone number where I can reach you, because I certainly don’t know how to call dead people on the phone.”

Or maybe I lost my phone, and it’s in my car, or under a pillow, or I left it in a movie theater, or a raccoon ate it.

Maybe there’s a raccoon somewhere in the brush, or in a trash can behind a house, walking with a limp because it just ate a phone. A rectangle of glass, and metal, and electronics, that’s a quarter of the length of the raccoon’s body, and now that phone is inside the raccoon’s guts, stretching its tiny tummy impossibly long, pressing against the masked Procyon’s little heart and lungs as it walks tenderly to one side to alleviate the discomfort of such an intrusive foreign object.

The raccoon – and…this is kind of cute, kind of sad to think about – walks diagonally, all the while emitting a little “♫ doo-de-lee-doo-ooo, doo-de-lee-dooooo, doo-de-lee-doo ♫” ringtone, all muffled from within its quivering torso, and questioning its “eat everything it can find” dogma, and thinking perhaps to just limit that life philosophy to trash cans.

Of course, I bet people throw away phones all the time, so that’s probably not a big help…although in my case, I’m positive I didn’t do that because my job is too important to just throw my phone away. Too, too important. Too many evil beings to manage. Too fragile a portal into another dimension, a dimension which is probably Hell? IDK. I…I’m not a religious studies major, although if I were, I bet I would have graduated by now.

I mean, so much can go wrong if I lost my phone. Like, no one could get a hold of me to help me fix it. Which is not to say I know how to fix an inter-dimensional portal between Hell and this world, but just that I could be a person to be like “Oh no! I’m sorry to hear the portal is malfunctioning! Let me panic a little bit and make some phone calls to feel like we’re all doing something about it!”

And that would be helpful, because sympathy is critical to good teamwork, and if you don’t care about your job, you’re not gonna make anything of yourself.

I am! I am making something of myself! Just sculpting away! Here’s a clump of Maureen, let’s work it with it with these hands. Yeah, this is looking great! This is a really nice Maureen here, all ready to be put in a fire, cooled, painted, and set upon an alabaster pedestal in the foyer.

So leave me a message and I’ll get back to you.

[Answering machine beeps]

Cecil: Maureen! I finally figured it out. Chad Bowinger! That boy I’ve seen you with! He used to intern here, just like you! He went to report a story on that used sporting goods store that we thought was a front for the World Government, and never came back out. I guess it was something much worse he found in that shady old building.

Now the two of you have a really successful startup. I’m proud of our internship program here at the station. I – I’m also proud of you for becoming a professional. You’re leading an army, Maureen, that’s very impressive! Much more so than filing papers, fetching me lunch, and updating my erotic fan fiction blog. It sounds like a great job with good benefits. It’s, uh, it’s a tough job market for you young people these days. Lots of changing technologies making old jobs like print journalism, cardiology, and computer programming obsolete. Plus, all these new people moving here from Desert Bluffs? Kudos to you, Maureen!

Here’s my question, though, and it’s an important one. So, Carlos, my boyfriend. Earlier, when I talked to him, I forgot to say “I love you” at the end of the call. I was…I was preoccupied. No – no big deal. My love was implicit in the way was talked to each other. Love needn’t be verbalized when it exists in intuition and physical contact. He knows I love him.

But part of me wonders…what if one of those rare times I forgot to hug him goodbye, or failed to say “I love you,” turns out to be the last time I have that chance? Lots can go wrong in an indifferent universe.

I’ll see him in a couple of hours, right? I’ll see Carlos later. Right, Maureen?

Please call me back. I want to talk more about what you and Chad are doing to my town. I…oh. I’m getting another call from an unknown number. I’m hoping this is the Sheriff. Call me back.

Hello?

[Unidentifiable sound]

Hello?

[Unidentifiable sound]

Who is this?

[Muffled sounds that may be muffled screams, or possibly sounds that an evil dog might make – it’s unclear which]

Today’s proverb: Want to feel old? People born in 2014 have already graduated college, don’t know what a trombone is, and are all named after gourds.

89). Who's a Good Boy? Part 1 (date)

Who’s a good boy? Who’s the good boy? Who is it? Who is it?!?

Welcome to Night Vale.

All over town, the question painted on walls, written in the sky by our flying aces, tapped out in Morse code from within the walls of our homes: “Who’s a good boy?”

The radio station is, um, unavailable, as so much of the town is currently unavailable. Down for maintenance, wiped off the map, however you want to say it.

The strangers who do not move, but who seem closer every time you look, they have torn our town apart. They do not seem to have an agenda, no plan, just…destruction. They only seek to rend, to shatter.

Carlos has locked himself in the lab with his team of scientists, working without sleep to find a solution to this crisis, as they have found solutions to so many crises before. He wanted me to stay there with him, since within the proximity of science is, of course, is the safest place to be in any natural or unnatural disaster, but…I am a reporter. I can’t not report! My town needs me to witness! And so I will walk through my city, and I will witness.

I sent my sister Abby and her family to the lab so they could keep my niece safe.

“Keep them safe!” I said to my brother-in-law Steve.

“Aw, geez,” he said. “With Abby around, I can’t imagine a bad thing that could happen!”

He really loves my sister. If I’m to spend this time witnessing, maybe I should start there. Maybe I should, finally, allow myself to see the depth of his love for my sister and their daughter.

Ugh! And then he tried to hug me, and he smelled like onions, and I shouted, “Oh, no no, no no. We – we’d better get you barricaded in there, Steve. I think I see some strangers not moving,” while I slammed the lab door on him.

The wreckage of Night Vale is complete. It is even worse than Valentine’s Day 2013, when much of the town was reduced to rubble and candy hearts.

I passed by the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, site of so many great – and terrible – memories. Old Woman Josie, throwing the ceremonial first pitch of the bowling tournament, City Council and Station Management finding…horrifying love on the skating rink, and other memories, too, that I…don’t like to talk or think about.

Now the complex was boarded up, under siege from the strangers. There were three of them in its parking lot. None of them were moving. The only car in the lot was upside down and on fire.

Dark Owl Records was, somehow, untouched. It was the only building in blocks without smashed windows, and it somehow still had electricity. Michelle Nguyen and former intern Maureen were leaning casually outside, smoking candy cigarettes. And this took a lot of re-lighting, as candy cigarettes do not burn well at all.

“Maureen! Michelle!” I said. “You’re okay!”

They both rolled their eyes.

“Michelle, how did you keep Dark Owl from being destroyed along with everything else?”

She glanced at Maureen.

“Ummm,” she said.

“Well,” Maureen said. “Say…someone was leading an army. Or whatever. Then, they could command that army to not attack a specific person or place. Or whatever. So maybe, that’s what happened. Anyway, if that’s what happened, then that person wouldn’t be leading that army any more.”

“You quit your internship?”

“I didn’t like my boss. Especially since I found out what…ahem…who he is. I didn’t have all the details before. Feels like I was misled. That’s a familiar feeling, Cecil,” she said, narrowing her eyes at me. “At least you were just clueless.”

“What?” I said.

“Never mind.”

“Maureen and I have, like, a plan,” said Michelle. “It’s very secret, but we’re teaming up to save Night Vale.”

“Ah! I’m so glad you two have become such good friends,” I said.

They looked at each other, for a long moment.

“We don’t want to, like, put a label on this,” said Michelle. “Not everything has to be named.”

“Yeah,” said Maureen. “So, anyway, we have a secret plan. Plus, Chad is now panicking about what the thing he summoned has ended up doing, so he’s been trying to figure out how to reverse the ritual.”

“L.O.L.!” said Michelle.

“L.O.L.!” agreed Maureen, putting the lighter to the end of her cigarette and letting off a cloud of smoke that smelled like overcooked caramel.

Let’s have a look now at the Community Calendar.

All events this week are canceled. This week is also canceled. You might be canceled, too.

This has been the Community Calendar.

I found Lucia, the ghost that haunts the Haunted Baseball Diamond, looking sadly at the nearby Shambling Orphan Housing Development. The development somehow has been hit even harder than the rest of Night Vale. There was almost nothing left to show that life had once existed there.

“Ah, Cecil!” she said. “It is all happening as I was afraid it would.”

“Do you know how we can stop them?” I asked.

“No. I have no ideas. Only the fear, a writhing biting thing within me.” She slapped her spectral chest with her spectral hand, making a deep resonant pop. “In here, Cecil.” She narrowed her eyes, and pointed.

“There! The beast!”

I saw, a few blocks away, a beagle puppy cross the street.

“The beast?”

“He is so adorable, yes? Just the cutest. So cute that you would do anything for his little face, for his dumb floppy ears, yes? That is how he controls you. That is how he controls everyone. He is so cute! You would do just anything for him! And you will. You will do everything for him. Things you never dreamed you would be capable of doing. Ghastly things.”

“Who’s a good boy?” I said.

“Who, indeed?” she said.

I called Carlos to see how far along he was in saving the day. He said that he wasn’t very far along at all, and it was frustrating to him. He said he’s been letting brightly colored liquid bubble in beakers, and he has been writing numbers all over chalkboards, and it hasn’t helped anything at all. He even drew a structural formula for cyclohexane, but it also didn’t help.

“It’s like,” he said, “this is somehow a problem that can’t be solved with science, but there are no problems that can’t be solved with science! Science fixes everything, and is always on the side of good! I just…I can’t figure out what these strangers want! They don’t seem to want anything!”

“You sound very upset,” I told Carlos. “You know that it’s not good for you to get worked up like this. Take a break. Play some Bloodborne, that’ll relax you.”

“Okay, yeah, I guess,” he said, but I knew he didn’t mean it. He was going to keep trying to save Night Vale, and I loved him for it, even as I wished he wouldn’t be so hard on himself.

And now, a word from our sponsors:

It is possible the world is ending. If you cannot hide, then you must run. If you cannot run, then you must die.

This message brought to you by Clorox Bleach.

Two blocks past Mission Grove Park I saw the house of Francis Donaldson, the manager of the Antiques Mall. The door was off its hinges, the mailbox had been killed and skinned, and for reasons I couldn’t explain to myself I crossed that ruined front yard and entered the house.

I needed to see. I needed to report on this disaster.

Three feet into the door I looked up to see a stranger before me. Her shoulders went up and down, a deep, constant breathing. Otherwise…she did not move. At this distance I could see the pupils of her eyes, unfocused, frozen, on a point in the room several feet above my head. Her hair was greasy, and it stuck to her face. Her skin had faded into gray like a person dying, or a person carved from stone.

She stood in the ruined living room, surrounded by a pattern of destruction that splashed out from her. The echo of a flurry of movement, even as she was perfectly still.

I was distracted by the mess. And when I looked back, she was much closer to me. I could…I could feel her breath. It was room temperature, unchanged by her body. Air in, air out, but no transformation.

“Hello…Cecil,” she said. Her mouth did not move. Her voice came not from her, but from a glass of water on a side table that had somehow been spared the destruction. The water vibrated slightly with the voice.

“Hello?” I said to the glass. “What do you want?”

The lamp hanging above me laughed. There was no joy to it, just a replication of the sound of laughter. It went on, and on, slowly petering out to a quiet choking, and then nothing.

“What…do I want?” asked the glass of water. “I want…nothing.”

“Nothing at all?”

“Nothing.”

The lamp snickered. My left shoe joined in, and I jumped back, but the stranger was even closer than before.

“We want…nothing at all. Everywhere there is…something. All of these things, like…this glass.”

The glass of water shattered.

“One…less…thing,” said my left shoe. “Soon there will be…no…things. We will take away your government. Your laws. Your infrastructure. All of your…possessions. All…of…you. What…we…want…is…..no…thing.”

“But why?”

“A ‘why’ is a thing!” the lamp said sternly. “We destroy…whys. We…destroy explanations.”

I recognized the stranger. Behind the slack stillness there was a human face. It was Francis herself, in the wreckage of her own home.

“Francis? What happened to you?”

At the sound of her name, her eyes focuses in for a moment, and flicked down toward me, before drifting back up to the ceiling.

“I was made…strange,” the lamp said. “So…strange that I became a…stranger. There is a cavern.”

I merely looked at the lamp, confused.

“There…is…a…cavern……Cecil. I was…taken…there. The ground…is covered…in mud. You walk…through…the mud…in…the darkness…because you think…there must be…something else…but there is…never…anything…else…for years. You walk…through…the mud.”

My shoe chimed in.

“Sometimes you feel…as though there might be…other…lost people…also…searching…through the mud. Maybe…you can even hear…the soft…swish…of them…in the black…but your hands…never meet…and you cannot…speak…out. You…are…alone. Sometimes…the mud…goes…over your head…and sometimes…it is just…a slight…damp…beneath your feet.”

The lamp spoke again.

“Years…go by. You feel yourself…hollowed…out…by time. Everything…that was you…slips…away. There…is…a…great…power…that replaces…you…with…his…desires. He…is…your…leader…and…you…want…what…he…wants…and…he…wants…nothing!”

“When did you leave the mud and come back to Night Vale?”

“Leave?”

This time Francis herself spoke. Her vocal cords cracked with lack of use. Her eyes focused on me again. Her parched lips clung to each other as she spoke.

“Cecil! I’m……still……in……the……mud! I’m……still…in…the mud! Cecil! I’m…still…in…the…mud! I’m…still…in…the mud!!”

She said this over and over, quickly losing control of volume and articulation. Tears rolled down her face from her unblinking eyes.

I turned and ran. Behind me her cracked voice, more and more distant: “I’m still in the mud! I’m still…in…the mud!”

I had a vision of the beagle loping adorably through a burning building, his…big stupid ears….flapping as humans screamed, and…and pleaded around him, and he watched them burn, and replied only…“Woof.”

“Woof!” he said, as Night Vale fell.

[Cecil’s speech becomes more strained]

I am, um…uh…passing…Louie Blasko on the street…..right now. He is frantically working the…uh…pumps…of his pipe organ, tipping his hat at me while keeping time with a simple Gamelin setup. He is…mmm…holding!…holding…out his hat…for spare change.

“Louie, I’m sorry,” I am saying to him. “But…” and here I am…gesturing around at the…mmm…decimated street.

“Just….say…..weather!” he is telling me.

I am….not responding.

“Say…the word…weather!” he is hissing.

Wea…www….

Weather?

[“Plunder” by The Felice Brothers]

[Cecil sounds more like himself now, with fewer pauses in his speech]

“What was that about?” I asked Louie, but he was gone. And in his place, there was a stranger, unmoving, breathing.

I…I hurried on and I did not look back.

A black sedan drove slowly through the streets, the first functioning vehicle I had seen among the carnage. I waved it down, and two men got out. One was not tall, and the other was not short.

“We had nothing to do with this,” said the man who was not tall.

The man who was not short nodded vigorously.

“Do…you know…what happened?” I asked.

The man who was not tall stood between me and the man who was not short, and said, “Don’t talk to him, he’s new,” though I had directed the question at both of them.

The man who was not short said, “The question isn’t what happened.”

“What…is…the question?” I said.

“Don’t talk to him, he’s new,” the man who was not tall said. “Anyway, you know what the question is.”

He leaned in close to me. I could smell anise on his breath.

“Who is a good boy?” he whispered.

“Do you have a pen I could borrow?” said the man who was not short.

“Um…uh, sure,” I said, handing him the one from my reporter’s notebook.

“Thanks,” he said. He opened the trunk of the sedan, tossed the pen into it, slammed it shut, and got back into the passenger seat.

“Don’t talk to him. He’s new,” said the other man, and then he too got into the sedan, and the strange pair drove away.

Finally, I reached City Hall. Uh…it had been ravaged. Uh, there was no sign of City Council. Likely they have fled as they often do during danger to our town. Ahem. Or, I’m supposed to say, “take a sudden and fortuitous vacation,” but I am not on the radio. I– I– I– I do not have to say what I am supposed to say!

I wonder if Station Management is even in town? Uh, I suspect that they may have taken the same “sudden and fortuitous vacation” as City Council, their many strange and endless appendages entwined on some…beach somewhere.

Uh, Deputy Mayor Trish Hidge came running out of the building, holding a…desk lamp in one hand, and she ran by me wild with panic, huffing, as she was barefoot.

[Cecil makes huffing sounds]

Or, no. That was not her at all. Wet, rapid breathing. W…w…waiting…waiting for me at the door to City Hall…what she had been fleeing from: the beagle puppy.

[Huffing sounds]

He padded forwards. He was…adorable! Or…was he? I– I had thought he was a cute…beagle puppy, but…there was…something…off about him. A sneer in his lips, a– a– a strange bend to his legs, his– his body was misshapen. It– it– no, he was not cute at all!

Breath came in and out of his mouth, which was…gray, and squishy within.

[Huffing sounds]

The beagle rose onto his hind legs, higher…and higher, until he was…standing fully upright, his…his spine elongated and straightened.

I felt something rising in my throat. I did– I did– I did not want to open my mouth for fear of an organ or bile or hot black tar pouring out, but that was not what was pushing its way out of my mouth. It was…it was…uh….words…the– the– the words sputtered…out of my lips…against my will.

“Wh– who’s……a……good……boy?” I said.

“I am the good boy, Cecil!” the beagle said. “You…wanted…to…witness. So…witness! I…am the good…boy, and I rule…over the dark…wet caverns…of…Hellllllllllllllll!”

[Huffing sounds]

He cocked his…little beagle head. He stood…so much taller than I thought…a dog..could…stand. His..breath..was..thick..and..wet..and..labored.

[Huffing/growling sounds continue throughout]

“I…want…nothing…Cecil! Nothing….at..all! And…I….will….have it!”

Today’s proverb: Remember to compliment-sandwich when critiquing. Example: “That’s an OK shirt you have on. Everything you wrote was bad. You’re wearing a shirt.”

[One last creepy sound of undetermined origin as the track ends]

90). Who's a Good Boy? Part 2 (date)

You wanna go outside? Outside? You wanna go outside? You do? You do?

I bet you want to go outside. I bet you do!

Welcome to Night Vale.

[Heavy growling breaths]

The beagle puppy stood fully upright on his hind legs, breathing heavily. I inched back from the dog.

Here’s where I want to tell you I drew a glowing sword, and he drew a sword made of fire. I want to tell you our mighty blades clashed above our heads, as our elbows and faces met. I think it’d be a really cool thing to say that I then pushed him back with a kick to the chest and swung my blade down upon him as he tried to deflect it with his own, my sword shattering his, causing him to burst open with white light and doves, and order returned for good to Night Vale.

But what I’m going to tell you is…I don’t own a sword, doves aren’t real, and the dog had destroyed everything we are without a single conventional weapon. Plus, I tripped while trying to run away.

The beagle was standing over me.

[Heavy growling breaths]

There was a boom that dimmed my hearing, and the dog was jolted backward violently. Sam, our sheriff, stood behind me, a shotgun in their hand.

“Come on!” Sam said as they grabbed my shoulder and pulled me up.

I turned back to see the carnage, but the beagle was standing again, exactly where he was the moment before…perhaps a little closer, actually. His adorable puppy mouth distended horribly with each labored breath.

[Heavy growling breaths]

“Don’t look at it!” Sam said as they pushed me into City Hall and through a door marked FORBIDDEN. Sam slammed the door shut and bolted the lock.

We were in the City Council’s chambers. The Council was there. They had not fled the city after all. They all spoke in unison, their black robes undulating like a storm-tossed ocean. The only details of the Council’s hood-shrouded faces I could discern were their reddish-brown teeth.

“We have re-opened the Dog Park!” the City Council shouted. It sounded like an accusation. “Sam plans to lure the strangers into the Dog Park and lock them away there.”

“How– how do you…how do you get them to go 7into the Dog Park?” I asked.

The Council was silent for a long time, finally muttering, “Well, there leader is a beagle, so…” and then trailing off.

Sam interjected. “We get every person left in Night Vale in front of that Dog Park. If they want nothing, they’ll have to go there and create it.”

I was thinking about what “nothing” meant. About beings that don’t exist. And who better to fight off a lord of Hell than…

“Sounds good,” I said. “Is there a way out of here that doesn’t go through that beagle? I need to visit a friend of mine.”

Let’s have a look now at traffic.

There’s a metal grate, about 11 feet off the ground. It’s large enough for most human bodies to fit through. There are eight 10-millimeter hexagonal bolts holding it in place.

Sitting atop a person’s shoulders who’s sitting atop another person’s shoulders and then using a simple torque wrench, it is not difficult to remove these bolts and pull oneself through, into the duct work. The duct eventually ends at a similar large grate.

Then there is a 12-foot drop to the ground behind City Hall next to a dumpster. A car, driven by Mayor Dana Cardinal, is there. Then, that car drives to Old Woman Josie’s house, out by the Used Car Lot.

This has been Traffic.

“Can I speak to Erika?” I said to Old Woman Josie.

“Which Erika?” she asked.

“All of them! I need to speak with the angels.”

Old Woman Josie winced. A couple miles off I heard the Angel Acknowledge Siren go off down by the fire house, but I was certain law enforcement was dealing with bigger problems than a radio host who happened to acknowledge an angel or two.

There are way more than two, though.

A bright black light filled Old Woman Josie’s living room, illuminating at least a dozen tall winged beings. Dana and I shaded our eyes. My body tingled. I swore I could hear a cello, and smell confectioner’s sugar.

Dana and I explained the sheriff’s plan to lure the strangers to the Dog Park.

“How do you lure something that wants nothing?” one of the Erikas asked.

“Technically wanting nothing is actually wanting something,” one of the Erikas explained.

“We’re not having this argument with you again, Erika!” another Erika shouted.

“We just need to do something,” I said. “If what they want is nothing, then we must make sure that we are always doing something! Can you help us?”

The black light grew painfully bright. I took that as a “yes.”

Let’s have a look now at today’s horoscopes.

The stars are silent. They have been absent from the sky for weeks now. They refuse to tell us anything. Perhaps the silence is for our own protection.

This has been horoscopes.

On the drive back to town with Dana:

“I know he tried to kill you,” I said carefully. “I know he is on death row now for his crimes, but…what if? What if we made a deal?”

Dana interrupted. “I’m not offering Hiram a deal.”

We drove past the dark and empty radio station. I thought about Khoshekh, our station cat, who hovers four feet off the ground in what used to be the men’s restroom. Oh, all of our restrooms are unisex now, which is great, because everyone can visit Khoshekh! He’s been much happier with the extra attention, buzzing and licking visitors with his chest tongues…but when I had last checked in on him, before we lost all power to the radio station, he was…gone. His kittens were also gone. No sign of a fight, just gone.

I missed him. I miss the radio station. All over town no electricity, no gas, barely any drinkable water. I– I…I could smell distant smoke. The sky was completely gray, even though there was not a single cloud.

Dana said, “I’ll talk to Hiram, Cecil. I’ll find out if he knows anything about the strangers, and if he could be of some help. But I’m not cutting a deal with him.”

We pulled up to a mob of about 50 people. In the front was the sheriff, hand in hand with a woman in long yellow robes and a wide rectangular hat. I recognized the medallion on the front of her chest. She was one of the leaders from the Joyous Congregation of the Smiling God – the church that most of Desert Bluffs and a few Night Vale residents belong to.

In the crowd I saw John Peters – you know, the farmer? – and also John Peter – remember, the pharmacist? I saw Tamika Flynn and her teenage militia. In Tamika’s left hand was Sarah Sultan, who is a fist-sized river rock and current president of the Night Vale Community College. Around them were many faces I didn’t know. Former Desert Bluffs residents, I could see it in their eyes.

Dana and I got out of the car and joined them. A prayer march against a common enemy.

How strange humankind is that two cities, Night Vale and Desert Bluffs, could hate each other so much…and then hold hands so tightly in mutual hatred of something else.

We marched toward the center of town, chanting prayers. I have never been a believer in the Smiling God, so some of the chants were new to me, but a lot of them were similar to recitations, verses, and prayers common across most religions. Basic stuff like “Please, God, destroy our enemies, amen,” some really long gurgling sounds, and one chant that sounded identical to an old prayer I was taught in Torah school, where everyone just shouts, “De-fense! De-fense!” while clapping in rhythm.

Our crowd grew. We saw strangers on the street, not moving, just breathing and watching. We were nearing a thousand, our mob, feeling invincible! United to save our town, a town we all loved and believed in, no matter how long each of us had lived there.

Carlos joined, along with my sister Abby, her husband Steve, and my young niece Janice. I was worried for their safety out here, surrounded by the strangers, but I was also worried for their safety at home, hiding from the strangers. I was worried for their safety always and everywhere.

Our huge crowd stopped near the Dog Park. There were Hooded Figures in the Dog Park. The gates were open. They are…rarely open.

We looked at the strangers. Their numbers had grown as well, an equal motionless mob to our heaving praying one. Being at the front of the crowd, I could feel the steady breath of the stranger directly in front of me. They weren’t dead. They weren’t undead. They were…nothing.

I was afraid of dying, of becoming one of them, of existing only in the dark wet cavern. Francis’ voice in my head: “I’m still in the mud! I’m still in the mud!”

And also her voice from right in front of me suddenly, at the front of the crowd of strangers, eyes wild as though struggling against the complete stillness of the rest of her body, screaming, “I’m…still…in the mud! I’m still…in…the mud!”

The crowd of strangers parted, although none of us saw them move, revealing the beagle puppy on his hind legs, his front paws dangling crookedly against his chest.

[Heavy growling breaths]

The breathing wasn’t coming from the dog, but from behind me! I turned to see Sheriff Sam, their jaw hanging limp and open, the dog’s breath came from their mouth!

[Heavy growling breaths]

“Who’s a good boy?” said the voice coming from Sam “Who’s a good boy?”

[Heavy growling breaths, ending in a growling chuckle]

“Am I the good boy?” said a different voice from right next to me, my brother-in-law Steve. His eyes locked to mine, confused. “Am…am I the good boy?” he said.

I cried out, “No!” and held him tight. Janice, Abby, and Carlos all put their arms around him too, trying to hold him in place, keep him from being taken to the cavern, helping him to resist the pull of a dark and muddy Hell dragging at him from within.

We heard a sound above us, like wings. Many wings. We looked up and saw all of the Erikas circling above.

“There are angels!” said Janice in awe. No one corrected her.

There was also the sound of a different kind of wing. Not angelic. Reptilian. We saw the five heads of Hiram McDaniels, four of them with prison tracking collars. Fire spewed from Hiram’s mouth, and for a moment the gray cloudless sky shone blue.

And I finally noticed, in the heart of all this fear and tempest, how calm the weather was. No, not calm. The weather was…it was……

[“The Queer Gospel” by Erin McKeown]

Night Vale, we have power once again! We have electricity, and water, I’m back on the air(!), and many of you are back in your homes. The strangers and the dogs are gone! Defeated…question mark.

Francis, Sam, Steve, those who were taken, or who were about to be taken, all humans once again.

But here’s where we run into the problem of my narrative, because…I don’t know what caused it to happen! Our crowd had chanted and prayed, I– I’m not a religious person, mostly, but I do think we had an impact, driving away that thing summoned from the dark wet caverns of Hell.

And even if it wasn’t the blood stones, or the Joyous Congregation’s Smiling God, or any other kind of God, the mere spiritual coming together of so many people may have been enough to rid the town of this hound and his army.

But then, Intern Kareem reported that Khoshekh is back in the station restroom. Khoshekh was badly scratched up, as though he had been in a great battle, and Kareem noticed that inside Khoshekh’s second row of teeth was a small piece of fur-covered flesh. Kareem thought it was a piece of a dog’s ear. Is Khoshekh our hero?

Janice says Tamika Flynn drove away the strangers with her militia of book-loving children. Abby and Steve told Janice she’s still too young to join a militia, and Tamika’s running drills out in the desert and will not comment on what happened.

Old Woman Josie claimed the angels used their powers of Heavenly good to push back the brazen evil of the beagle. Who else can destroy a creature of Hell, other than angels? Maybe that’s true…if you believe in angels. Which you are not allowed to do.

Melony Pennington, celebrated computer programmer, managed to get the power utilities back on, and claims that with the help of young prodigy Meghan Wallaby, she wrote a deadly computer virus to bring down the strangers. I’m not really an expert on programming, but I feel like you need a computer to catch a computer virus.

What? Oh.

Um, Kareem is telling me you don’t anymore. Computer viruses are totally airborne. Huh! Wow! Technology!

Sheriff Sam and the City Council claimed their plan to lure the strangers to the Dog Park worked perfectly, and the strangers were rounded up and locked away. Sam also added, “Now that the situation is under control, the Dog Park is no longer open.” And then they folded an origami sea urchin, elaborate thin spines and everything. “Yeah, no, it’s off limits once again,” Sam said.

Michelle and Maureen, over at Dark Owl Records, claimed they were playing a copy of Beyoncé’s newest album, the followup to Lemonade – an album no one else has heard. According to Michelle, the strangers wanted to hear that album quite badly, and this human desire filled in the hollow that these years in the mud had carved in them, turning them back into non-strangers, into friends. Michelle and Maureen claim to be the real heroes, or…whatever.

I asked Michelle if I could hear the album, and she said no, because Beyoncé asked her to stop playing it.

“Beyoncé called you?” I asked, astonished that Michelle knew such a famous musician.

“Well…her lawyers called,” Michelle said. “They were really angry, and also confused and scared, because Beyoncé hasn’t actually written or recorded the album yet.”

Chad, my former intern who summoned the beagle in order to destroy the World Government, says that he thinks the reversal of his summoning worked. He is no hero, he says, but perhaps he is not a villain either.

“He’s pretty okay, I guess,” Maureen said. “At least I got my internship credit.”

And then there was Hiram McDaniels’ brave fighting against the strangers. If anything was more powerful than our coming together as a town, it was the brute force of a 18-foot-tall dragon with five heads. He fought valiantly for a town he had once threatened, a town who had recently condemned him to death. And we all saw his bravery, and we all knew that he must be pardoned.

“Pardon him!” we cried.

He was not pardoned. They locked him back up. He is still scheduled for execution.

So, perhaps Hiram was the hero?

But there is…one more theory. One more possible story.

Just before coming on the air, I felt a presence behind me. It was the Faceless Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home.

“We didn’t drive them away, Cecil,” she said. “We didn’t win. They chose to leave.”

I argued that, surely, it was because we or someone forced them.

“They don’t need a reason,” she said. “They never did. They left, and they may return. It won’t be for any reason, but it could be at any time. They want and need nothing, Cecil. The computer programming, and the Dog Park, and Beyoncé album, it’s all noise.”

She added, “They left because they decided to leave. And if they return, it will be because they decided to return. And it will be unrelated to anything we do.”

Night Vale, we live with the illusion of safety, that we can use caution and care in order to preserve our lives. The strangers came and we don’t know why. And then they went, and we don’t know why. We are always in danger. It was just that while they were here, we were made aware of the danger. They simply revealed to us that personal control is an illusion.

We live and die, and we never get to learn any reasons for that.

In any case, the strangers are gone. And we can go back to living the lie of reason and control once again! And it is a very, very comfortable lie.

Stay tuned next for a deep sigh. Deep. Deep! No no no, deeper than that.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: You can tell a lot about someone by coming into our office and confessing everything you know about them.

Kevin: Hi, friend! It’s Kevin! So many of my old pals from Desert Bluffs came to live here in the desert otherworld with me! We’ve built quite a little city with roads and a school and a radio station!! I’m back on the air, Cecil! We even built our new little town to look just like our old little town! In fact, we just decided to call this new place Desert Bluffs Too! Too as in also, not the number two. Although we debated that. But we thought it was too charming. We need to build to that level of charming. Someday we will! Someday we’ll be so charming, it will hurt.

91). The 12:37 (date)

Do not bite the hand that feeds you. Grab it first. Take the keys. Set yourself free. Then bite the hand…and run.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Exciting news for rail enthusiasts (and fans of punctuality): the 12:37 train to Red Mesa has arrived on time at Night Vale Station.

Uhhhhh, sort of on time. Night vale has not had a train station or train service in a little over a century. So the train is about a hundred years late. This is, naturally, a cause of some confusion at the moment.

The station, which used to be where the Little League baseball fields are right now, was decommissioned and torn down after it was discovered the tracks just sort of ended in the middle of the desert, connecting to nothing.

The Sheriff’s Secret Police have encircled the train, which is stopped right in the second base line, and has not opened its doors. It is not yet clear where the train came from, if there are any passengers, and if there are, what condition they are in.

Sheriff Sam announced that they are an avid rail enthusiast – or, as they called themself, a train spotter. They whittled a small caboose out of a block of balsa to demonstrate their enthusiasm. They also repeatedly pronounced my name as “Sessil” too, so do with that information what you will.

We’ll keep bringing you the latest on this story.

In other news, there’s a crowd of several hundred people gathering over on Somerset. They have organized themselves into a tidy single-file line. None of them can say what they are lined up for, nor where the front of the line is.

Neighborhood resident Wayne Ferry said he got in line around 7:00 this morning, and it was already pretty large by that point. He’s not sure how far back he is in the line.

“I saw my friend Charelle and said, ‘Morning, Charelle!’ I and then kept walking toward the back of the line,” Wayne said, “but I kept passing Charelle. 'Morning, Charelle!’ I said each time. Eventually, she let me cut in line.”

Wayne said the line collapses back on itself. There is no beginning or end, even though it appears to be perfectly straight. More and more people are joining the line just to find out what everyone is in line for.

Wayne added, “Whatever we’re waiting for must be pretty cool!”

You have to admire such childlike optimism, even though optimism is doomed to almost certain disappointment and/or injury.

We have more on the 12:37 train to Red Mesa. Dozens of volunteers have arrived to take selfies in front of the old-timey steam engine. And also to weep in terror at the sudden anachronism.

Sheriff Sam applauded these civic-minded helpers by kettling them into a small chicken wire pen and shouting at them with an electric bullhorn.

Sheriff Sam, as part of the police investigation into this mysterious train, constructed a wrought iron abstract statue seemingly depicting a bird devouring a snake. We think it’s supposed to symbolize man’s inhumanity to man, and the frightful conditions in which immigrants were exploited in the building of our nation’s railways. Also, the iron construction surely represents the indomitability of American capitalism, but anyone who looks directly at any form of art gets a headache, and trying to understand art is usually fatal, so no one is certain.

[Ahem] Uh, how did the train get here with no tracks? Where did it come from? And now that there’s a giant metal sculpture in its way, how will it leave? How much would a ticket even be in today’s dollars? Who are the people gathering about the baseball fields wearing deer masks?

Oh. Breaking news. Some people wearing deer masks are gathering by the train, distributing roaches to bystanders. The roaches all have phrases printed on them, things like “Business in the front, knife in the back” and “#NotAllTrains.”

Weird.

Listeners, your guess is as good as mine. Well, almost. I’m pretty good at guessing things.

And now, traffic.

You are driving on a foggy night. There are faint taillights from a car in front of you. There are also faint headlights from a car behind you, all moving at a steady 30 miles per hour.

But then the lights of the other cars just switch off, at the same time. Are the other cars still there? It’s too foggy to see. Should you slow down? Speed up? If you slow down, the car behind might hit you. If you speed up, you might hit the car in front. Best to stay at 30.

But your speedometer is creeping up to 35. The pressure has put you on edge. Your boss, Catherine, has been really on your case lately, and you’re pressing your foot down without realizing.

Now you’re at 40. Should you go back to 30? What if the cars are still there, matching your speed? Is going back to 30 safe? Should you stay at 40?

Wait…it’s 50 now. You’ve been so worried about driving at 40 and lingering on what Catherine said to you about terrible quarter two sales, your speed has crept up again.

You imagine three cars speeding through the night, all of you mere inches away from a bone-crunching, life-changing, possibly life-ending collision, before you know it you’re doing 60, then 70, then 80. 80!

You can scarcely believe it. I mean, wasn’t that Tina’s account and not yours that failed? How is quarter two your fault?

You can’t possibly slow down now. The car behind won’t have time to reduce their speed. And where is the car in front of you?

At least the road is straight…or is it? And, are you even still on the road? Is there any way to know? All around you is fog. If you crash, even if you survive, will anyone find the wreckage to save you?

Without noticing, you have lifted your foot and the car has slowed down to 60. You keep your foot off the gas, and your car keeps slowing. 50…40…30…20…10…and then zero. You have stopped. No crashes, no screeching tires.

You put on the parking brake and get out of your car, and walk off into the mist, your face tight and tear-stained. You think about how Tina takes such long smoke breaks, and Catherine doesn’t say a thing about that.

The mist coats your cold skin, and you hear birds just above you.

This has been traffic.

We have an exciting update from the baseball fields! The train has opened its doors. Nobody has disembarked yet. It looks completely empty. The Secret Police are keeping a safe distance while politely shouting at the kettled witnesses to board the train and see what’s up. A few are reluctantly going in.

The figures in deer masks, looking like the same transit lovers who built the Night Vale subway system three years ago, are in an inverted V formation out in left center field, their shoulders and heads bobbing as if in silent laughter.

So far, none of the…umm…“volunteers”….have come back out, despite the Sheriff’s Secret Police’s repeated friendly warnings and helpful bullhorn threats.

The City Council could not be reached for comment on the train, as this whole situation has unfortunately clashed with their annual (and inaugural) charity golf tournament, somewhere far away from any possible danger. Also, I didn’t even bother to call them for a comment.

Teddy Williams, owner of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, announced that after 20 years, the Laser Tag Adventure Pit is reopening this weekend. In a contrite statement released this week, Teddy says he finally figured out how to lower the power settings on the lasers.

According to Williams’ written statement, “Super sorry, like wow, it never occurred to me that…anyway, things are fine now. Also, I know a doctor who specializes in limb reattachment,” the statement reads.

The statement continued, “Like, spiders with eight legs can afford to lose a few, right? But us humans, with just the two? Crap! Really, what was I thinking? Sorry. I mean, nobody died or anything,” Teddy said, “and I apologized, didn’t I? But Cecil just gets on the radio, reading out stories in that condescending way he does, putting on silly voices, making a mockery of my punctuation and vernacular prose, turning everything into an incredibly long sentence with a lot of sub-clauses and tangents that wander out, like branching paths in a forest, so that when you take one forking path and then it turns into another path you don’t know if it’s a new path or just the same path you were already on, or maybe you’ve just gone in a circle, and anyway the whole quote takes so long to say that you forget it’s somebody else’s words until he says 'Teddy said’,” Teddy said.

Well. Listeners, I…don’t think I need to read the rest of his statement. But I will mention that for reopening weekend at the Laser Tag Adventure Pit, there’s a 20% discount on admission, and everyone gets a release form absolutely free!

An update from the baseball fields: the Sheriff’s Secret Police boarded the train, and did not come back out. Shortly before they boarded, they warned the remaining witnesses not to board the train. Then, shortly after the Secret Police boarded, the witnesses themselves boarded the train…and also didn’t come back out.

Many people have been seen leaving their homes, schools, and places of business to walk toward the station, all excited to take selfies and sob in existential horror at this rift in not only time and space, but also our trust in basic physics.

The figures in the deer masks are all crouched, pounding the ground with their open palms.

There are now more people on the train than its capacity for passengers, but people are still boarding, effortlessly disappearing inside. Night Vale is emptying. Everyone wants to board the train.

I…I feel the same urge that all of you do to board the train, listeners, and if it were not for my strict professionalism and commitment to this show, I would be on that train myself. But I must resist. I will stay here in my studio…and…

You know what? Never mind. Yeah. Uh-huh. I gotta go see this. Okay. Uh, let’s just go to the weather.

[Studio door opens and closes]

[“Windows” by Angel Olsen]

Listeners, I am back. I am back in the radio booth.

The 12:37 train to…wherever (certainly not to Red Mesa) is gone.

As the doors closed on us inside the passenger cars, we heard the thrumming of the massive engine, the churning of gears and wheels, a great steam whistle. Looking out the windows I saw the baseball diamond, I saw houses and trees, I felt us moving, gaining speed, accelerating. I felt it in my ears. But the cars, trees, houses, the baseball fields, did not seem to move at all…at first.

Then the trees withdrew into the ground. The houses disassembled themselves. Distant power poles and tall buildings vanished. There were more plants, more water, the grass grew up higher and higher until the baseball fields were merely imprints on my eyelids. The clouds moved more and more rapidly. I saw the sun curl across the sky like a pop fly ti right, I saw it over and over. The firmament pulsed blue. And orange. And black. And yellow. Blue, and orange, and black, and yellow, blue and orange and black and yellow, faster and faster, flickering dark and light, flicker dark and light, a disorienting strobing inside our passenger car.

In the millisecond darknesses I saw empty seats all around. In the millisecond lightnesses, seated about me were all of my fellow Night Vale citizens. These two realities simultaneous and overlaid.

At the front of the car, visible only in the rapid flashes of dark, stood a woman wearing a deer mask.

She stared straight into me, walking slowly, stumbling every couple of steps – not clumsily, but deliberately, a painful and grotesque dance. She seemed to lose control of her whole body, only to recover gracefully…and repeat.

She stopped, inches from me. I could see her body was covered with roaches.

She said, “They take our miniature buildings. They put them in crates, and deliver them to warehouses across the desert. Their interests are furthered. It could not be more terrible.”

“Miniature? Like, like the tiny nation of people under Lane 5 of the Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex? Oh, did you know that they’re reopening the laser tag–”

She took off her deer mask. Her actual face was the face of a deer. Her face and the mask were exactly the same.

“Who are you?” I asked.

She leaned in, insects scuttling across her long brown snout. “I am the destroyer. They take our buildings. They put them in crates. Their interests are furthered. I am the destroyer.”

Strobing light from the spinning sun stopped, and it was only dark now. No Night Vale. Even the deer-headed woman was gone. Around me, barely visible in the dark train car was a sparse scattering of men dressed from a bygone era, holding wooden crates. They were sitting upright, twisted around, and silently watching me.

My face and chest itched. My scalp itched. I could feel a tickle along my thighs. I reached to scratch…and I felt them. Felt them all. I screamed and swatted them away, hundreds of roaches in my jeans, my shirt, my hair, I wa– I wanted to wretch but instead just writhed.

And I felt the grass under me. I saw sunlight above me. I…I saw trees, I– I heard a woman’s voice. I– I tasted nothing.

“Cecil? Why are you in our field? You should be at work!” Lucia Tereschenko, one of the Little League coaches (and also a ghost), was standing over me, a group of kids in ball caps and jerseys behind her.

“I’m…I’m sorry…Lucia, I…” I said, getting up, patting my chest, feeling for insects. “Did you see a train here just now, or…some men with crates?”

There was a long pause. Lucia looked like she wanted to either answer me or hit me.

“Cecil, you’ve got something on you,” she said.

I reached my hand to my neck, and pulled back a roach.

Lucia looked closely at it.

“Oh! What is this it says on the cockroach?”

We both looked at the lettering across the roach’s back.

“Huntokhar,” we read together.

“Cute name for a bug!” she said. “No go back to work, Cecil. We do infield drills now.”

I called Carlos, but…he had no knowledge of the train or what happened today. I called Sheriff Sam, who laughed at the notion, and then complained about the media for fifteen minutes. I tried contacting representatives from the Night Vale Transit Authority, but their line is busy (as it has been since they opened their offices three years ago). I called Teddy Williams with some questions about the tiny nation of people under Lane 5, but…he screamed and hung up on me.

I reached out to Wayne Ferry and confirmed the line of people on Somerset is totally real, and they’re all still waiting on whatever the line is for. Didn’t hear anything about a train.

I…I must have dreamt it. The train, the woman in the deer mask, the men with crates or…or…hallucinated?

Maybe the military was test marketing some new chemtrails. Or the Transit Authority was test marketing a new imaginary train system. Who knows?

Oh. Uh, Kareem just brought me some lemon and honey tea. It smells real, and it feels warm in my hand. Ugh. Oh! And hot on my lips! Uh, thank you for the tea, Kareem, and– and thank you for the realest thing I’ve felt all day! [Chuckles]

[Ahem] The 12:37 train to parts unknown from parts unknown is gone, and like most everything else in our memories, it likely was never there to begin with, but…

Huntokhar. Huntokhar is real. Right?

Kareem! Huntokhar is real! I– I– I– I– I saw it on a…a roach. Lucia, the ghost who– who– who coaches Little League, she showed me!

Kareem is shaking his head and backing out the studio. [Laughs nervously] Don’t forget to blink, Kareem!

And he’s gone.

Stay tuned next for the sound of a beating heart, a muffled sob, a nearby whisper while you are supposedly alone in the dark, and all of your other favorite jams of the 1980s and '90s.

And, as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Here is the church, here is the steeple. Open it up, and see all the people screaming about the giant that just tore the roof open.

92). If He Had Lived (date)

Which came first – the chicken, the egg, or airplanes?

Welcome to Night Vale.

Hello, listeners. This week is National Alternate History Week, in which we celebrate our rich history that could have happened, if what actually happened didn’t happen. The Night Vale Historical Society sorts through the local submissions, and the best story gets placed into the elementary school curriculum. It’s a fun activity that helps boost creativity and obfuscate the past.

Today, for my version of history, I will be looking at the Kennedy assassination and trying to answer the question, “What If He Had Lived?”

Well, here’s a start.

He would have eaten lunch. Did you know he was on his way to a lunch when he was killed? He was! He was probably hungry. If he had lived, he would have eaten – big bites full of gusto.

Later that day he would have gone to Austin. He would have breathed deep, healthy breaths.

He probably would have been reelected if he lived. Sure! Handsome charismatic guy like that? Four more years! No Lyndon Johnson (or Lyndon Johnson would, as far as I know, continue to exist – but no President Johnson). Without the pressure of having to win another term, perhaps he would have pulled us out of Vietnam in ‘66 or '67, saving countless lives and forever altering the cultural and artistic landscapes of the late '60s and early '70s. Our art would be different, there would be more of us, and he would go on living.

Jackie Kennedy would feel no grief. She would never have to feel grief again. She would stand, ageless and smiling, on bandstands, on stages, waving, her smile distant (not even a smile, but a performance of a smile), waving, on bandstands, on stages, griefless, waving, ageless, smiling.

More on our story of “If He Had Lived” soon. But first, the news.

I know that some of our listeners were worried about the Beatrix Lowman Memorial Meditation zone, that state-of-the-art (and enormously expensive) institution that reopened this Spring. There was concern that the Meditation Zone may have been damaged or even destroyed at the attack by the evil beagle and his army of unmoving strangers that nearly erased our town from the map just a couple months ago. But the good news is that the Meditation Zone is entirely undamaged, and it is ready for you to meditate in.

What a tragedy it would have been to lose such an important aspect of our community! And also, how frustrating it would have been, given that large parts of our city government were facing huge budget shortfalls while more and more city money was heaped on the rebuilding of the Zone. All of that money for nothing!

But no, the Zone still stands! Celebrate by coming on down to the Beatrix Lowman Memorial Meditation Zone, and hooking yourself up into one of the state-of-the-art meditation machines that will have you calm and harvested in no time at all. What a stress reliever!

The National Weather Service has released a statement saying that the thunderstorms that have been going continuously for the last several months to the west of Night Vale might not be thunderstorms, but instead the movements of the terrible court of the Distant Prince. They explained that when warm, moist air enters a low pressure system, sometimes it does so around the barely-understood (and all-powerful) Distant Prince, flanked by his harbingers and served by the court shriekers, the mangled servants, and the hollow-eyed weepers – all of which would result in some lightning, thunder, and of course, localized atrocities.

It’s also possible that they’re just some particularly persistent thunderstorms. Either way, the Weather Service said, “Best to just avoid the area entirely. Because being struck by lightning, or being skinned alive by the mangled servants, are both real and deadly threats that should be avoided.”

The year is 1973. Kennedy had not died, and is finishing his third term. An embargo in somewhere called the “Middle East” results in soaring gas prices. But the confidence America has for their president is high. He saw us through many other crises – including the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, the Svitz-Franchia Standoff of 1967, and the rise of the Blood Space War in 1971. We wait in long lines at gas stations, but he comes by to each gas station – thousands of gas stations at once, multiplying himself as he has learned to do, and smiling at us, and we feel at ease. Broke, but at ease.

He continues as president through the turbulence of the '70s and into the '80s. A biopic is made of his life, starring the mid-level movie star Ronald Reagan (who will soon be washed up and entering his late-life career of narrating commercials for frozen food and insurance). The movie doesn’t even mention Dallas. Nothing happened in Dallas, except a short drive to lunch. This is mostly what happens in Dallas.

Paul Simon releases his classic album Graceland. It is about the time that President Kennedy visited Graceland in 1982. The album is a huge flop due to its limited subject matter and aural motif of pained moans and lawnmower engines.

Jackie Kennedy has not aged. In fact, she appears younger than before. At night, she walks among the monuments in D.C., serene and alone, not even a Secret Service escort with her. Anyone who tries to approach finds themselves pushed back by a faint mist that smells of apple and spice, and feels like thousands of needles. Witnesses claim her feet are not even touching the ground. Her arms seem longer than they used to, as though they were the only part of her body continuing to change.

If JFK had lived, listeners, “If He Had Lived.” More soon. First, this.

Remember the phases of the moon: new, crescent, quarter, gibbous, gelatinous, full, very full, swirling, angry, unsure of itself, mad with power, disappointed in the newest Marvel movie, very very full, feeling like an impostor, jealous toward the sun, being extra nice to the sun to make up for the jealousy the sun is unaware of, trying to sabotage the sun’s happiness but only succeeding in sabotaging its own happiness, and finally new again.

This has been the Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Sometimes you are on the precipice, the moment where everything could topple. Maybe it is danger, or a hard choice, or just change (which is, in our perception, the biggest danger of all). And sometimes we are on the smooth flats, where everything is stable, and the precipice is just a tickle in the back of the back of our minds.

But deep down, we know the truth. We see it sometimes, driving at night through a rainstorm, or when the phone rings at the wrong hour, or when the plane starts to shake, there are no smooth flats. It’s all precipice. Always.

And sometimes we are facing the precipice, and sometimes we are turned away. But it is always there, and we are always teetering.

And maybe the fall isn’t even the worst part. Maybe, when we fall, there is at least the relief that we know we’re falling. No more uncertainty. Maybe the worst part is the teetering, the teetering for years and years.

Delta Airlines: It’s not like you’re safe anywhere else.

This has been a word from our sponsors.

The year is this year. The day is today. The time is now. President Kennedy calls a press conference. His salt-and-pepper hair is neatly combed, his hands are steady. He has been president for decades. He opens the conference by issuing a warm birthday message to cinematic treasure Lee Marvin. Mr. Marvin turns 30 today, and is perhaps the nation’s most beloved performer.

This pleasantry aside, the president announced that we have a grave national problem that must be addressed. He then said your name several times, and shuddered for five silent minutes. An aide showed some pictures of you, while the president pointed at them saying, “Here we see the problem.”

Finally he said your name again, visibly blanched, and said, “Right? Right?”

Congress widely agreed with the president’s message, and several bills were introduced with the goal of solving the problem that is you.

Jackie Kennedy had no comment. Not only had she never felt grief, it seemed to her that she had not felt anything at all since that day she had lunch in Dallas. It was as though some real human part of herself had experienced something so intense, and sincere, that all feelings had diverged from this false version of herself, leaving her hollow.

It had been an okay lunch.

The president complained of headaches. He was experiencing more and more as the years went on.

A continuation on our story soon.

If, hypothetically, angels existed – which, legally, of course, I cannot say that they do – but it they did, then the angels would have let me know that Old Woman Josie fell in her garden and broke her hip this week. The hypothetical angels (who are all named…oh, let’s say Erika) said that she is fine and in good spirits, but will have to spend a few days in the hospital. They are a little worried about that, since the hospital is a barely-understood and terrible place, where doctors lurk and nurses flit from patient to patient.

Rumor has it that on the darkest night of the darkest month, if you stand in just the right place, you can see ghost ambulances carrying ghost patients into the ghost E.R. – which is the best and most up-to-date ghost E.R. in the region, much better even than the ghost E.R. available over in Pine Cliff (the town nearby that is entirely populated by ghosts).

Pine Cliff residents often come to our hospital for treatment, rather than going to their understaffed and underfunded ghost hospital. It’s…it’s just not right, them straining our resources and taking away medical attention from our own local ghosts instead of fixing the ghost problems in their own ghost city.

Anyway, here’s wishing a quick recovery to my good friend Old Woman Josie. It sounds like a painful slip, but hopefully the sheer desire to escape a place as baffling and terrifying as a hospital will help her push through her recovery as soon as possible.

Back to “If He Had Lived.”

The year is 2080. Coastal cities all over the world are succumbing to the water that had long sustained them – the basic elements of each city, like streets and burger shacks, slowly disappearing below the sea foam.

The Eighth Siege of the Great Night Vale Temple rages on. The scion of the Dark Order makes his prophesied appearance at the exact correct prophesied time (after several false starts where he had arrived too early and had to leave again).

President Kennedy offers a steady hand to the nation, even as his beloved Massachusetts is swallowed by the rising seas. He brokers a deal with the Sino-Soviet superstate that provides safe passage for the masses of climate refugees, and also those fleeing the shrouded armies of the Dark Order. He addresses the country with inspiring words that people will remember for decades afterwards.

“The sea levels will not rise another inch. Instead, the American people will rise to meet the sea levels.”

Everyone applauds The sea levels continue to rise. Millions are displaced.

Jackie Kennedy lies in the White House Rose Garden. She lies there for years. Moss grows on her face. She is trying to remember what really happened. She is trying to understand what the even means.

“Isn’t this all really happening now? But it doesn’t feel like it!” It feels like what was real was left behind long ago, and now even the raindrops on her upturned face are a series of tiny lies.

Speaking of rain, the finale of our alternate history in a moment.

But first, the weather.

[“Opposite House” by Cass McCombs]

We bring you now to the final installment of our “If He Had Lived” alternate history story.

It is the heat death of the universe. Everything that ever was has broken down to the most basic particles, and those particles have reached a perfect stasis of temperature. There will never again be change. Without change, there will never again be anything at all. The universe has ended – not by ceasing to exist, but just by finding perfect balance. An Armageddon of Zen, not fire.

President Kennedy, never assassinated, floats in the nothing. His hair is neatly combed, and he projects an optimistic but vague expression that gives nothing away.

Jackie Kennedy floats near him. She has never felt grief. Her smile is a forged copy of a painting of a smile, many layers removed from the emotion it is meant to convey.

“What shall we do today?” he asks her.

“Oh, whatever you want to. I have nothing particular in mind,” she says.

Everything around them is beige. This is the average color of the universe, and the universe has been reduced to its average.

He winces.

She smiles, feeling concerned but not knowing at all how to show it with her face.

“The headaches again?”

“Yes,” he says. “Just here.”

“I’m sure they will pass.”

“Yes,” he says. “Yes.”

He has a vision that feels like a memory, of a moment that never happened on a sunny afternoon in Dallas, billions of years ago. A flash of red, and then a nothing, deeper even than the nothing they float in now.

“I don’t know if this is right,” he says. “I don’t know if this is what was supposed to happen.”

“Everything happens as it was meant to,” she says, even though she is unsure of that. She is, in fact, sure of the opposite.

They float silently.

Later, nothing happens.

If he hadn’t died, if he had lived, lived on and led on, if he had continued and continued and continued and nothing changed, if no one else ever got a chance, if the country never moved on, if he had lived, maybe, this is what would have happened.

Or, that’s how I imagine it, anyway.

Thank you for joining us on this celebration of Alternate History Week. We’ve heard some exciting ones, like “What if Germany had Won World War II,” “What if the South Had Won the Civil War,” “What if Bath Mats Were Never Invented,” and “What if (Somehow) Germany had Won the Civil War?”

The Night Vale Historical Society has chosen as their winner an alternate history where the Beatrix Lowman Memorial Meditation Zone was never built. It will be added to the curriculum of all history classes from here on out, and the Meditation Zone will be destroyed so that reality can match the story we have decided to tell about it.

Well, that’s a shame. But that’s just how history works sometimes, you know?

Stay tuned next for a hypothetical history that we are all making up together, continuously, just by living it.

Goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Writing rules. One: write a lot. Two: read a lot. Three: if someone tells you not to use adverbs or some other Elmore Leonard thing, swiftly kick them.

93). Big Sister (date)

Find it in your heart. You’ll need to break past the ribs, and then scoop it out. But it’s in there, and you need to find it. Quickly.

Welcome to Night Vale.

To start the news today, there’s a bake sale this Saturday afternoon at Night Vale Elementary. This is to raise money for a new sculpture to honor the great contributions made by the current School Board president, the Glow Cloud.

The Glow Cloud is mighty and magnificent! All hail the powerful Gowing Cloud which rules our every desire, our every action, our very existence! All hail that which did not create us, but can certainly destroy us.

The sculpture will serve as a physical manifestation of our fealty to the benevolent (yet oppressive) Cloud, who has helped increase standardized test scores at every school, as well as graduation rates at Night Vale High. The Glow Cloud (ALL HAIL!) also helped to build a brand new Fine Arts Center and rehearsal studios for music programs at the junior high, so good work! Well deserved.

In unrelated news, several five-headed dragons have been seen around Night Vale. Night Vale’s most famous five-headed dragon (really the only dragon we know in Night Vale) is Hiram McDaniels, who is currently in prison, slated for execution for his attempt to kill Mayor Dana Cardinal.

None of these new dragons are Hiram, but they’re all five-headed and quite large.

My intern Kareem reports that the apparent leader of these new dragons is Hadassah McDaniels, Hiram’s sister. Not sure what their intentions are, but…I bet they’re innocuous. Just some dragons passing through!

Kareem argues that their intentions seem rather sinister. For instance, they nearly burned down the Pinkberry by the mall.

You know, a few weeks ago I asked for mochi on my order at that Pinkberry, and they put crushed peanuts on it, as if anybody likes that garbage? So, I don’t know. Innocuous, sinister…six one way, half a dozen the other, 1.5 times 4 another way.

Listeners, can I just take a moment to thank our intrepid intern Kareem? He’s been at the station for a long time, a dedication few of our interns have ever shown. In fact, most radio interns leave in the first few weeks, never to be heard from again. Not Kareem! He’s truly loyal to this station and to his radio dreams. I think he’ll have a long career ahead of him.

Haha! Kareem is cocking his head and raising one eyebrow at me. Kind of a face-based thumbs-up, I suppose.

Ha! You’re welcome, Kareem!

Let’s have a look now at sports.

The Night Vale High School Scorpions kick off their season this Friday night at Memorial Stadium against the Pine Cliff Lizard Monitors. Night Vale’s new quarterback, sophomore Mallory Willingham, won the starting job over junior Henry Lexington, who really struggled last year with some of the basic concepts of throwing…like which arm to use.

In the season finale last December, Lexington brought a third arm he found in the vacant lot out back of the Ralph’s. He used that arm to throw for five touchdowns in a victory over the Stone Meadow Shark Nurses. But even with this impressive finale, coach Nazr al-Mujaheed said he preferred the consistency Willingham brought to the position.

“Willingham has great vision!” coach al-Mujaheed said, while crouching behind a large cardboard box in the corner of his office. “She can see things no one else can!” the coach screamed, his body quivering. “She can see your soul, right into it!” he whispered, while still screaming.

“She’s coming! Hide! She’s coming!” he said, suddenly, as he barricaded his office by hammering wood planks over the door.

Willingham sounds like just what this team needs to make the playoff once again.

Tim Langley, head of the Night Vale chapter of the NRA, announced today some changes to their charter, saying that, from now on, the NRA will no longer use the words gun, rifle, pistol, semi-automatic, or revolver. Instead, those words (and related words) will be replaced by the word “kitten.” As in “Kittens don’t kill people, people kill people” and “Going down, kittens a-blazing” and “well, if you’re holding a kitten to my head…”

Langley said the word “gun” carries too many negative connotations, while the word “kitten” does not. Langley stressed the importance of positive language when attempting to rally a public behind an organization with such monstrous political beliefs.

Langley and the NRA then distributed flyers across town that read, “Don’t let the government take our kittens!” which caused several excited residents to call City Hall. They demanded to know whether the government truly planned to come to their homes and take away their kittens. Because, the residents said, their cat just had a bunch of kittens, and they’re having trouble finding homes for them. So, if the government wants to take some kittens, please, by all means, come to our house and take them!

This then excited the members of the City Council, who apparently eat kittens. They ruched out, answering every call for kittens. But then, upon seeing that many of the residents who had kittens also had guns in their homes, well the City Council ordered the guns removed.

“Yeah, we’ve lost our appetite for kittens,” the Council snarled in unison. “We’re now entering every home in Night Vale and taking away your guns.

An update on the dragons:

Kareem scored a prison interview with Hiram McDaniels. Hiram’s gold, green, blue, and gray heads have been sentenced to death for trying to kill Mayor Cardinal. According to Kareem, Hiram has been shackled inside a large stone room. Just outside his barred window, Hiram can see prison guards inflating colorful mylar balloons that read, “Execution Day” and “Congrats” and “Lordy, Lordy, Guess Who’s 40?” – but “40?” has been crossed out and replaced with a hand-written “Being Terminated!”

His violet head will be spared, since he did not participate in the attack on the mayor – and, in fact, thwarted the assassination attempt. Just last month, Hiram’s violet head received the Sheriff’s Black Heart Medal for Bravery and Service to the Community. Sheriff Sam themself pinned it right onto Violet’s thick scaly skin.

Kareem reports that in spite of his pending execution, Hiram is in good spirits. Hiram’s gold head told Kareem, “Son, I’m not worried. I’ve got some plans in the works. Some really smart plans.” Then Hiram winked four times, with one eye on each of his hour heads up for execution.

Violet did not wink, only glowered, saying, “It’ll never work! The government will find out!”

Hiram’s green head snarled, “Complaining is not a strategy! We need solution-based contributions!”

Kareem asked Hiram if these plans involved inviting his sister and all the other dragons into town. Hiram went silent.

“Now…now, that’s not it at all!” his gold head replied.

“That’s not logical! It makes no sense for her to be here,” Hiram’s blue head stated.

“Night Vale is doomed, but I am too, so who cares?” his gray head concluded.

More on this as it develops. But first, a word from our sponsor.

Draw a rectangle on your wall. Make it a big rectangle, wider than it is tall. Put it at eye level, across from your sofa. Then color it in, all black. A big, black rectangle on your wall.

Now erase the black coloring and then draw a picture – let’s say, of Nathan Fillion from the TV show Castle. Next to him, draw the actor Molly Quinn, who plays his daughter Alexis on the show.

You like Castle. It’s a good show. Let’s say it’s your favorite scene from Castle where Rick and Alexis reconcile their differences after an important court case.

So, they’re talking to each other. Rick is about to say, “I’m sorry.”

Okay. Got that? Now, erase that and draw the same scene again, only they’ve moved ever-so-slightly Rick is just beginning to open his mouth now.

Got it? Good.

No erase that and do it again, Rick’s mouth slightly more open as he begins the first sound of the word “I’m.” Maybe draw Alexis gently lowering her eyes to receive his statement, still a bit unsure about what is to come.

Keep doing that: erasing and redrawing frame by frame, each fraction of a second, until you have fully animated the scene.

Time consuming, isn’t it? Perhaps you should get a Samsung smart TV. We’ll flicker all these images and stories at you without you even having to move! No offense, but we’re much faster at it than you are. Also, Nathan Fillion looks nothing like that. Did you think we said Nathan Lane? I mean, he’s a talented actor too, but he was never on Castle. Were you thinking of Modern Family? We bet you were thinking of Modern Family

Samsung. Stop drawing on your wall!

Intern Kareem says he has seen Hadassah in downtown near City Hall, accompanied by several other multi-headed dragons. She’s a full ten feet taller than Hiram, and like Hiram, Hadassah has exactly five heads. But instead of being several different colors, each are green. Each one shouts simultaneously (overlapping, though; not in unison), “Bring me my brother!” and “I will crush your human skulls in my claws!” and “That’s not a knife, this is a knife!” And then, arcing toward the sky, a great breath of fire – which Kareen said did not resemble a knife at all.

Just an aside, listeners, Kareem has always been a bit of a cynic. He used to say he didn’t think Hiram McDaniels wasn’t really a five-headed dragon, but an elaborate metaphor I made up for a dangerous man. A strange point of view for a young man who openly acknowledges the existence of angels, so…I hope he understands now that Hadassah’s knife comment was a metaphor. The dragons themselves are a literality.

Anyway, it’s good that these young interns get a chance to see the world for themselves, rather than just in textbooks and classrooms. I do hope that Kareem is getting a lot lot out of the–

…And I just got word from Kareem that he thinks he broke his ankle diving out of the way of Hadassahs’s flaming breath as she stormed towards City Hall.

I don’t use metaphors lightly, Kareem. Dragons are real, young man!

Mayor cardinal and Sheriff Sam have appeared on the steps of City Hall.

Kareem, who is trying ti maintain consciousness in the face of crippling pain, says they are confronting Hadassah directly. Dana is extending an open palm as a welcoming show of peace. Sam is clenching their shotgun and shouting at the dragons, “Keep your wig on, you overgrown salamanders!”

Behind them, a large cloud – glowing and rumbling, dropping dead animals. ALL HAIL! a few of the dragons are whispering upon seeing the cloud approach.

But not Hadassah.

Dana is waving a hand to both Sam and the Glow Cloud to stand down, bu the dragons are closing in on her.

Listeners, has Hadassah come to finish what Hiram started? I told Kareem to get out of there (but also to get closer to the action – really try to get that story) but also to gt very far away.

As we wait to learn Dana’s fate, let me take you know to the weather.

[“Mary On a Wave” by Okkervil River]

Kareem has gotten himself to the hospital to get his ankle looked at. Seems he’ll need to be in a cast for a few weeks, but fortunately, before he passed out from the pain, he managed to get a report of what happened at City Hall.

Mayor Cardinal stepped toward Hadassah and welcomed her to the city. Dana was cautious, and graceful.

Hadassah sneered at Sam and their shotgun, until Dana told Sam to lower the weapon. Hadassah screamed at Dana, “We do not come in peace. We com with lawyers!”

Then several of the dragons behind her retched fire into the sky…apparently in agreement? Or to signal that they were the lawyers? Or perhaps they saw some idiot bird fly too close to them?

Hadassah introduced her cousin, Miriam Adleman, and two of her close friends, Tara Partridge and George Andrews, who are all lawyers brought here to discuss the imprisonment and threatened execution of the citizen of their world.

Sam said, “You’re not welcome here,” and then, to empathize their point, crafted a papier-mâché horn-of-plenty filled with artichokes.

Hours later, after Sam finished the sculpture, Dana said, “but you are welcome here! We welcome all people!”

Hadassah said, “We are not people!”

Dana disagreed. “You are sentient, you have cares, you have families and careers, and community. You love and you fear others. I respect you and you respect me, because we are all people, even if we are not all human or dragon. Respect does not need to include “getting along with” or “fully understanding,” but simply acknowledging that those things are possible. Because of sovereignty and sentience. Because we respect people as people, you are welcome in Night Vale.”

There was a long silence. Then, Sheriff Sam slapped their forehead and groaned. “What are you doing, mayor? This is a blinking disaster!”

The Glow Cloud shrunk away, disappointed (or scared…or possibly bored, or something). It’s hard to tell exactly how clouds feel just by looking at them.

Dana and Sam argued over how welcome the dragons were until Hadassah roared, “THANK YOU MAYOR!” and Miriam agreed. Her beige head saying, “This will do nicely. I’ll find ourselves a suitable extended-stay Hotel.

Miriam’s maroon head said, “I normally don’t trust humans, but…she seems kind.

Miriams’s purple head uttred, “Kindness and trust are not related.”

Dana and the dragons shook hands/claws, as did Sam (although reluctantly).

Hadassah shouted, “We begin negotiations next week!”

So it looks like we have some new residents in Night Vale! I really appreciate Dana and her openness to people from all backgrounds. She’s one of the kindest and most fair people I know. I cannot think of a better mayor.

But, given what happened to Kareem today, I’m worried about the violent nature of dragons. Not that they’ll intentionally destroy us, necessarily, but just the physical destruction that comes with beings a dozen times your size.

Oh, Kareem just texted me, by the way. I guess he’s listening to the show right now from the hospital. He says, “When elephants dance, the grass gets trampled.”

Hmm. Kareem sounds confused. There are no elephants in town, and every little grass, so…you know what? I’m going to text Kareem back and explain to him what an elephant is. I mean, he may not know.

Stay tuned next for the sound of distant drums and cannons.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Drive it like you stole it, but you stole it because you really loved it, and you would not like to see it damaged. Basically, drive carefully.

94). All Right (date)

It’s all right. All right. Allll right. Allllllll right.

Welcome to Night Vale.

[From right ear only]

Listeners, your headphones are not malfunctioning. I assume you are wearing headphones, as instructed by that Sheriff’s Secret Police mandate last week. This was for your protection and safety, and also to boost headphone sales, now that the city has acquired a local headphone manufacturer as a municipal asset.

I am reporting today only from your right ear. Or, if you have difficulty hearing in that ear, simply reverse your headphones so that you can easily hear me with one ear. Please remove the headphone from the ear that you are not hearing me from. I need you to be able to hear the world around you. This is vitally important to your continued survival.

We have been informed that a very dangerous creature has accidentally been released into Night Vale by the federal government, and it could be any place that this radio signal reaches. It could be near you now, hungry, hunting.

When asked for specifics about the creature, representatives from the government said, “What creature?” and whistled nonchalantly, while tossing out leaflets with titles like “Running: A Healthy Hobby, But Futile Against the Beast” and “What To Do When You are Doomed.”

Please, throughout today’s broadcast, keep one ear open to what is around you. Listen for what could well be stalking you. This creature is an expert at stealth. A brutal, perfect killer. Any noise you hear, no matter how slight, no matter how seemingly normal, could be the claw step, the tip of the tentacle, the opening of the jaws of this monster.

Keep one ear open, and keep one ear on my voice.

And now, the news.

Citizens in Old Town Night Vale are reporting a weird sound. It’s not the usual racket of the sun setting (which just seems to get louder every day). No. It’s something underground. A “wum wum wum wum.”

Here, I know. Put your finger in the ear that doesn’t have a headphone. Go on, no one is looking. Create a seal around the ear canal. Now slightly lift that finger. Now put it back. Slightly up, and then sealed again. That is the exact sound Old Town Night Vale is hearing from below them. Finger slightly up, and then–

Oh. Oh, no. Somebody saw you with your finger in your ear! That is so embarrassing! You must be very embarrassed right now.

Um, try to play it off as an itch. You were just scratching your ear! No weird stuff!

(I don’t think they believed you.)

The local water utility said that the sound is just routine sewer work, designed to maintain an efficient waste system in our community, and provide better defenses against the snakes who live in the sewers and often come up out of pipes, curled up in toilets and bathtubs, waiting for us. If you are near a bathroom, go ahead and listen for snakes in there. It’s never a bad time to check for that. Head on over. Go inside.

Do you hear a snake? No? Okay, the snake that’s in that bathroom is very quiet. Quiet snakes are even more dangerous. Simply seal up that bathroom ad never go back inside it.

And now, back to the creature that will kill one of my listeners very soon.

Pay close attention to the world around you. Try to pick out the noise of the creature. It could be any noise. Try separating the noises around you by type. The artificial sounds: radios, a car engine, a plane engine, a microwave. The natural sounds: birdsong, wind, the rumble of an earthquake. The unnatural sounds: ghostly footsteps, the crackle of your aura, a psychic scream for help, sent to you by a stranger.

Did anything in those sounds seem out of place?

Hmm. Maybe instead, sort them by pitch. First, take in the low sounds: the rumbles that you feel in the base of you. Then the middle sounds: those that don’t affect you physically, that you only hear rather than experience. Then the high sounds: those that touch first the teeth and the eyes, that scratch at the ears.

Did anything in those sounds seem out of place?

It’s vitally important that you identify the out of place sound around you, as just now, a dangerous creature is coming for you. Its eyes are on you, from a hidden place, and the only chance you have of survival is to hear its approach.

What was that sound from behind you? Probably nothing. But better to check, right?

Of course, you have one ear covered during all of this. An obvious weakness. It knows which side you can’t hear it from, so that is the side it will attack. Maybe we should switch sides, see if it has been coming at you from the right this whole time. Put on the other headphone and take this one off.

[From left ear only]

Okay. Hello from this side. Listen to the sounds coming from your right. Do you hear something like a running toward you, or a hissing growl? That could be it. Do you hear the hum of an air conditioner? That could also be it. It could have switched off your air conditioner, and then imitated that dull breathy drone you had long since tuned out, using that sound to cover its approach, only seconds now from its teeth tearing into your neck!

Okay, switching to this side didn’t seem to help anything. Let’s switch back. Right headphone in, this one out.

[From right side only]

Okay. I’m going to go on with the broadcast now, but keep one ear on the world. Death could come at any moment.

And now, a word from our sponsors.

Today’s show is sponsored by a company that makes more than you’d expect. Sure, they’re famous for that one thing, but did you know they make a whole lot more than that? Look around you! Do you see an object that immediately jumps out? Maybe it’s on the coffee table, or in the cup holder of your car, or on the ground next to the quiet country road you’re walking down. Yes, that thing! That’s the one! We made that! Aren’t you proud of us?

Pick it up. Hold it up to your left ear. What do you hear? Does the object make a sound? Is it possible that other sounds you thought were coming from other sources are actually coming from the object itself?

No? Oh, my! Aren’t we very confident about how the world works!

Rub it against your face. You don’t want to do that? Because it’s heavy – or it was just sitting in the dirt, or because it’s alive. Hey, we made this thing. We made it just for you! Don’t be ungrateful! Just touch it once to your cheek so you can feel the quality we built into it.

Did the sound that it’s making change at all? Maybe you’ve made it happy! Or angry.

Shake it once. Did that change its sound? Did that change its mood? Is it making a buzzing sound? If it is, put it down, it’s definitely angry now. Uh, in fact, maybe you picked up the wrong thing and that wasn’t the thing that we make. That might have been a wasp nest.

We’re sorry we told you to hold a wasp nest up to your face.

Kleenex. We make more things than you think. But not wasp nests.

Sorry.

And now for the Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner. Today we will be exploring the mystries of interaction.

Say hello. Out loud.

“Hello!”

Good!

Did anything say “hello” back? Then you are now in a conversation!

Did nothing say “hello” back? Then you might still be in a conversation with something very quiet. Best to be polite and carry on so as not to rudely call attention to their silence.

“How are you?” you should say.

Listen for the answer.

“I myself am doing well,” you will say now. And then say, “Troubles that once seemed insurmountable turned out to be just a tone of the wind, you know?”

See if whatever you’re having a conversation with knows.

“And how are the kids?” you might ask. Maybe they don’t have kids, in which case indicate that you are asking about the general state of children, the condition of the youth worldwide.

Maybe they recently lost a child, and this is a very painful topic for them.

You should have thought of that. Your words are knives, and like knives, they can be useful and constructive, but with one careless slip they can seriously hurt someone.

You should apologize. Even if they weren’t hurt by these words, they might have been hurt by other words, words you never considered as potentially hurtful.

“I’m sorry,” you should say now. And then say, “Well, okay. Goodbye. Sorry again.”

And that is how interaction works.

This has been the Children’s Fun Fact Science Corner.

City Council is announcing that efforts to capture the terrible creature terrorizing Night Vale have not gone well. They fear they won’t be able to capture it before it has eaten someone – someone who is listening to me speak, with one ear, right now.

It might be best if everyone listening to this moved to a different location. Maybe somewhere else would be safer. If possible, move to a different location now. Try to find a new and completely different set of sounds to work with. That might help!

It probably won’t. Probably nothing can save you, but worth a shot, right?

Have you moved somewhere else? Listen to the new set of sounds available to you. Do you hear one specific sound above the rest? Good! City officials believe that sound is safe. Move toward that sound.

Wonderful. You are doing great…is something it would be good to believe just in case you die right now. That way you’ll die thinking something happy.

Get as close to the sound as possible. Do you feel safer near it?

Uh-oh. City Council said that they mistyped. By the way, did you know that City Council finally got a cell phone? Just one cell phone. They share one, and so there’s a lot of fighting over it and most of the texts they send are random letters or the dance emoji over and over.

Anyway. Their text was wrong. That noise is actually very likely the sound of the terrible thing hunting you. You are right on it! Get as far from that noise as you can! Get away now!

For those who weren’t devoured when we accidentally told you to get close to the sound, uh, let’s have a look at traffic.

Traffic is really humming along today.

Hey! Speaking of humming, you know how it sounds completely different when you have your ears covered versus when your ears are open? What does it sound like when you have half of your ears covered, you do think?

Hum to yourself. No, louder than that! We’ll never discover new things about the world if we don’t put ourselves out there!

Oh. If the creature is stalking you, than it already knows exactly where you are. Trying to keep quiet won’t save you.

Hum.

Interesting! So that’s what that sounds like!

In your own time, compare it to having both ears open and both ears closed.

Also, a horrible accident on Route 99 happened while I was talking about humming, and the highway is now closed in both directions until everyone feels emotionally prepared to drive again.

This has been traffic.

Oh no! I’m being told via several frantic texts from City Council that the monster is going to attack in just moments!

They also sent another long string of dance emojis.

If you are the target of the monster, then the end of your life is imminent. I need you to pay close attention to the sounds of the world around you. I need you to listen for the terrible creature so close to you that its breath could easily be mistaken for a slight breeze, or for a stream of air blowing from a window or a vent.

Turn around, slowly, in a circle. If you cannot turn, just pivot your head.

Try to identify which of the sounds you hear is going to kill you. When you have heard a sound that seems most likely to kill you, stop and face that sound.

Try to keep your eyes on the apparent source of the sound. Hope that you haven’t guessed wrong. Hope that you are not moments from a fierce and sudden pain.

Actually, on the off chance that you are about to die, it’s probably best you don’t see it coming. Close your eyes, put your other headphone on.

[From both ears]

Yes. We’re listening to me on both sides now. We’re going to keep our eyes closed, and wait to see if we die.

And while we wait, let’s have a look at the weather.

[“Plough” by Speedy Ortiz]

[From right ear only]

Listeners, those who can still hear me, hey! You can still hear me! An you can still hear the world around you! Yes, we’re back over here now. Please take the headphone off your other ear so you can savor the sounds of the world around you. And your ability to hear them, when you are not dead.

So, you were not eaten by a hidden creature watching from the shadows. A false alarm, everything is fine.

A false alarm for you, I mean. Not for Night Vale resident Wayne Ferry, who was in fact the target of the creature, and was horribly devoured during our weather forecast. Blood smeared on the wall like an ancient language that can express only suffering and terror. The dank smell of the beast heavy in the air, the signs of its passage in the shattered objects, the smashed walls, and the heavy final absence of Wayne.

So, for everyone else, everything is fine! We got all worried over nothing. Whoo!

I know my role. You come to me for escape, loyal listeners. To forget about the world, or…not to forget about it, but to hear its dangers organized, put into a narrative framework, turned into a story that can safely end.

But no matter how deeply you enter into the stories I am telling you, you can never fully escape. The world is around you. You can hear it with one of your ears right now.

Listen closely. What you are hearing is not the sound of a monster. There are no spirits in that sound. No lurking or lurkers, no stalking or stalkers, nothing hunting you. All you were hearing is the sound of the world you live in. And you can put headphones on. You can listen to my voice. But you can never fully escape that world. You are always half there, no matter where the rest of you is.

But in those sounds, in that inescapable world, there is every joy you will ever experience. Every beautiful person you will ever meet. Every wonderful surprise that will ever wonderfully startle you.

It is the good and the bad. It is the sound of the world. A world that will kill you, but also a world that will allow you to live.

And as you exist in this world, half hearing my half voice, remember: you’re all right. You are alllll right.

All right, Night Vale. Goodnight.

Today’s proverb: This is Doritos’ world. We just live in it.

95). Zookeeper (date)

It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a cursed talisman must be in want of a hex reversal.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Night Vale, we have a special treat for you today. Joanna Rey, head zookeeper at the Night Vale Zoo, joins us live in studio. She’s also brought in several animals for us to see. Since this is radio, if you are not a telepath or an omnipresent spirit, you won’t be able to see them. You’ll just have to imagine the animals, but that shouldn’t be difficult. As the old saying goes, “a thousand words is worth a picture.” So today’s show should be worth about 2.6 pictures. You will also be able to envision 2.6 animals during today’s show.

Cecil: Joanna, welcome to our program.

Joanna: Thanks for having me!

Cecil: I can see you brought in some really interesting.. what are those, raccoons?

Joanna: These are chickens.

Cecil: [fascinated] Oooh!

Joanna: One of the evolutionary defensive traits of the chicken is its resemblance to the raccoon. For instance, both animals have two eyes and antennae, and like the raccoon, the chicken is mortal, which is a term zoologists use to describe animals that eventually die.

Cecil: Hmm, I remember as a small child I found a dead raccoon in our yard, and I told my mother about it. I thought it was sleeping. But that day, my mother sat me down and explained death to me. “Cecil,” she said, “most of God’s creatures are born, and then one day they die. Just like you and me, one day both of us will die. One of us will do so in a much more eventful way than the other, unlike this raccoon, which died from a rock I dropped on it.

Joanna: Why did your mother drop a rock on a raccoon?

Cecil: [amused] Oh, she was always a jokester, always up to some kind of prank. Dropping rocks on people and animals was just her way of kidding around. Anyway, these chickens are gorgeous, with their bright orange and yellow wings and dozens of spiny legs. What’s weird is I always assumed chickens were mythical, because I’ve never seen one in person.

Joanna: Mm, a lot of people make that mistake in logic. But just because you cannot see something, doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist. This is something zoologists must always remember, because there are so many creatures not visible to human sight. Like amoebas and microbes and ghost horses. When visitors come to the Night Vale Zoo, staff members from our audience education team often hide in the shrubbery and then jump out shouting, “I’m real!” at the blindfolded zoo goers, just to educate people on the existence of things they can’t see.

Cecil: I’ve learned a lot of neat things while wearing a blindfold! We’ll get back to your wonderful creatures in a moment, Joanna, but first today’s news.

[growling]

Cecil: Wait, what was that?

Joanna: Nothing. What? I didn’t hear a low growling sound. [laughs nervously] Is it hot in here?

Cecil: Ookay, uh, let’s have a glance at traffic. The roads are totally clear today, it’s a real mess out there. No one can see where the streets are, because they are completely transparent. I’d like to tell you which avenues and intersections to avoid, but since they’re virtually invisible, that information is useless. Perhaps try walking or just staying at home.

Joanna: Wow! Glad I flew here today instead of driving, huh?

Cecil: Good call!

An update on Old Woman Josie. Several of you have written in, via email and spray paint on the station walls, that you want to know how she’s doing. Well, she’s out of the hospital, back home and recovering nicely. Apparently Josie’s daughter Alondra has come back to Night Vale to help care for her. I rarely hear Josie mention her children, and she didn’t say much about Alondra this time either. Apparently Alondra decided to return to her home town to take care of her mother, because she didn’t want an old woman with a broken hip trying to live on her own. Josie insisted that she wasn’t living alone, that she had several, what she refers to as.. angels, named Erika, who are taking care of her. As well as her StrexCorp foundation, which supports not only the New Old Opera House, but also several local arts groups, a library destruction fund, and the popular charity Cars for Kids, which provides cars to kids who do not have cars. The angels, according to Josie, have lived at her house for several years and have shown nothing but grace, love, and support for her, unlike her family who moved away from the desert. Josie definitely sounds upset, and sometimes the forced bond of family relationships can be frustrating. But having family to take care of you when you live alone is a true blessing.

Um, listeners, Intern Kareem is shaking his head at me and saying Josie lives with the angels. [shouting] Now we went over this in the meeting, Kareem! We do not acknowledge the existence of angels, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, Josie lives alone, there’s no one to take care of her! Oh come on, don’t walk out! Ugh. There he goes, a man who doesn’t believe in time-traveling trains or deer-faced destroyer gods, but deny a single angel and he’s throwing a fit. Well, best wishes to Old Woman Josie, and welcome back to Night Vale, Alondra.


Cecil: So let’s get back to your fantastic zoo animals, Joanna.

Joanna: Sure thing! Let me just get this cage up here on the desk.

Cecil: Listeners, Joanna is lifting what looks like a solid steel cube, onto the desk. She’s opening it. Lots of steam or vapor is coming out, I’m so excited. What kind of exotic creature has she brought for us in such a dramatic carrying case?

Joanna: These, Cecil, are brown tarantulas. [chuckles]

Cecil: [disappointed] Oooh.

Joanna: You don’t sound excited.

Cecil: Well, brown tarantulas are fairly common in the desert, I-I was hoping for something exotic like chickens.

Joanna: Of course, but the reason I brought these tarantulas is to talk about our animal development initiative. Zoos not only display animals in tiny enclosures for the public to gawk at, but we also train and rehabilitate many of these animals. Sometimes animals we bring in have been badly injured, or in the case of these tarantulas, horribly undereducated. You might not notice just by looking at them, but our animal development team has taught these tarantulas to read! They are fully sentient. That’s Samantha, that’s Jordy, that’s Nash, that’s Carmelo. That’s Patrice, that’s Garfield, and somewhere.. Oh, I don’t see where she went, is Helen. Oh, there she is, on the back of your shirt collar!

Cecil: [nervously] Aahahaahahahaa-hi, Helen! That’s amazing! I know there are several “teach spiders to read” programs here in Night Vale. It’s great to hear some of them are really working. So uhh Helen, what book are you reading?

Joanna: Oh, tarantulas can’t speak. Or write. Just read.

Cecil: So they can read, but not express to anyone what it is they have learned?

Joanna: Yup.

Cecil: Is there any consideration by the zoo about developing sentience in creatures who live in cages? I mean, do you think that the animals’ self-awareness could bring about stages of depression or resentment, or despair or even rage, if they understood the prison-like conditions in which they lived?

Joanna: Totally. Oh, also I brought in some baby pigs!

Cecil: [squealing] Oh piglets! Oh they’re so cute! Um, your name is Wobbles, and your name, oh, your name is The Professor!

[loud growling noise]

Cecil: There’s that noise again.

Joanna: I’m sure it’s nothing.

Cecil: Did you say..?

Joanna: Cecil, it’s fine.

Cecil: Oh, OK. Let’s get to our program sponsor now.

Today’s show is brought to you by Starbucks. Start your day off feeling great. Maybe grab a latte or a caramel macchiato or even a mocha frappuccino on your way to work. Just make sure you’re feeling great first. We’ll know if you’re not. If you purchase one of our products while not feeling great, you’re going to make us not feel great, and that kind of negativity is infectious, you know. Perhaps you think our coffee-related product line will help you get beyond not feeling great into actually feeling great, but you can’t rely on nutritional stimulants to achieve positivity. No, no. Caffeine and sugar will get your energy up, sure, but that crash is coming, and it won’t be pretty. And we don’t want you hanging that on us. Get yourself in a good place. Really be positive. Fake it till you make it, we suppose. But you better be an excellent faker. If we find out you showed up to one of our thousands of Starbucks locations worldwide while unhappy, we are going to be livid. Just beside ourselves, all of us, every Starbucks employee standing in a line, literally beside ourselves, holding hands and saying directly to you: “Don’t come here with your nasty attitude and expect us to bear the weight. Oh no. Oh NO, you will NOT.”

Starbucks. Cool your hot mess before you show your face around here.

A few weeks back, we reported several five-headed dragons had arrived in Night Vale. Including Hadassah McDaniels, the sister of current death row inmate, Hiram McDaniels. Most of them are between 10 and 25 feet tall, and all have five heads. We’re getting more and more complaints from local businesses and human Night Vale residents about these dragons. Marjory Valejo, manager of the Dollar Cinema, says each dragon takes up nearly a dozen seats, not to mention obstructing the view of all the seats behind the dragon’s mass of long heads. Teddy Williams, owner of the Desert Flower Bowling Alley and Arcade Fun Complex, had to cancel league nights this week because he’s having to buff out all of the claw marks in the lanes. It was actually lucky for my team, which is down one member, while Old Woman Josie recovers. Bob Stern, vice president of finance for the Night Vale Auto Insurance company, said his company has seen a significant uptick in dragon-initiated accidents, and that they would no longer cover anyone who owns a car. He then deliberately broke his own arm with a wrench and guffawed nervously.

It’s been a tough adjustment, Night Vale, to our five-headed guests from another world, but we are a friendly town. Remember to welcome strangers with a friendly point, as you shout “Interloper!” at them. Also, it’s considered good neighborly behavior to follow strangers home while repeating, “What are you doing? Where you off to?” The dragons, I’m.. um, kind of sure.. mean us no harm.

Joanna, have you ever seen a dragon upclose?

Joanna: [gasps] Yes, one. They’re beautiful things, really intelligent and funny creatures. Fiercely loyal. Well, to their own kind, anyway. I mean, you’re texting with a dragon, “What do you do on Friday?” and she doesn’t text you back, and you’re like, “Donna, I would like to see you, it’s been weeks, is everything OK?” And then one day you get a phonecall and Donna’s gold head is like, “You’re a great woman, I’ve had a nice time but..” and her green head is like, [snaps] “It’s over, Joanna!” and then you’re just crying and crying for what? [angrily] I mean, come on Donna, really? [sighs sadly]

Cecil: Soo what other animals have you brought in?

Joanna: Well this is a long-horned steer, so majestic and bold.

Cecil: Wow, look at those horns!

Joanna: Also those wings. Wings are the best part of the steer.

Cecil: You know, I’m always in awe of animals who can fly.

Joanna: Ah, it’s just so delicious!

[loud growling]

Cecil: Joanna?

[growling intensifies]

Cecil: Joanna, your face it’s.. widening. Your eyes are turning yellow and and and your paws, I mean, your hands are turning into paws. Listeners, Joanna is now.. uh what.. wh-what are you, a-a panther, I think? Oh, she’s jumping onto the, oh oh my ooh, ooh that is, that is not good.

Joanna: [speaking with her mouth full] The wings are the best part in steer, they’re so.. [growling continues]

Cecil: Listeners, Joanna is jumping after the hens now. We need to.. oh my god, the piglets. Wobbles! The Professor! No, I.. [squealing noises] OK, well I wish I had not seen that. While we try to restore order, let me take you to the we- Microphones are not for eating! They are smarter than dolphins! Joanna!

[growling]

[“Coffee” by Sylvan Esso]

Cecil: And we are back. Our special guest today has been Joanna Rey, head zookeeper at the Night Vale Zoo. Thanks for being on our show, Joanna!

Joanna: Thanks for having me.

Cecil: You’ve eaten all of the animals you brought in today.

Joanna: Well, except for the tarantulas. They wandered off. Not sure where they went. Just like a bunch of spiders to be there one second and gone the next. [laughs]

Cecil: Oh, my intern Kareem tells me they all wandered over to the Human Resources department here at the station, and applied for sales jobs. Apparently they were strong interviewers, despite not being able to speak our write.

Joanna: Oh, that’s a big success for our animal development initiative! There is so much good a zoo does for animals, besides lock them up and examine them, which is of course just part of maintaining a natural environment for these creatures. Without the conservation efforts of the zoo, these animals would just be locked up and examined by predators.

Cecil: But in the confines of the zoo, they seem to be at risk of being devoured by zoo staff members who turns into predatory cats.

Joanna: Cecil, that’s my lunch we’re talking about.

Cecil: So you just got overwhelmed with hunger, and your body turned into a panther and you ate all the animals?

Joanna: [indignantly] I’m a shapeshifter, Cecil! I only take the form of a cat when I eat, because people get all upset when I devour an entire cow looking like a human. I am sorry about the damage to your studio, I really am. I should have eaten before I came. But don’t be so quick to judge shapeshifters, Cecil! We don’t get “overwhelmed”. We just choose our appearances based on what we want to express, like clothing. You might wear, say, a T-shirt around the house doing chores or while on vacation, but I imagine you have different outfits to wear to work.

Cecil: Oh yes. Although today is Plastic Poncho Wednesday so I’m dressed up a bit more, but yeah, for work I usually wear a cummerbund and capri pants, because it’s important to me that people understand I am a journalist. I see what you’re saying Joanna, that’s fair. I bet being able to take the form of different animals in fact makes your job a lot easier at the zoo.

Joanna: Hmm. I’ve only ever used this ability to eat lunch, but that’s a great idea! I should try it at work sometime.

Cecil: Well thanks for being on our show today, Joanna.

Joanna: Sure. You know, there’s still a lot of chicken blood pooling around your desk. Let me get another paper towel.

Cecil: Oh oh no no, it’s no bother. Intern Kareem, could you, could you come in here?

Stay tuned next, Night Vale, for the sound of scrubbing, followed by the sound of gagging. Followed by the sound of liquid dribbling into a metal pan.

And as always, goodnight, Night Vale, goodnight.

Today’s proverb: Want to feel old? People born in 2014 have already graduated college, don’t know what a trombone is, and are all named after gourds.

[Loud screaming/cawing/hissing and other interesting sounds, followed by laughter]

96). Negotiations (date)

You are statistically likely. Welcome to Night Vale.

Today, negotiations began between the representatives of the five-headed dragons, led by Hadassah McDaniels and her team of lawyers, in an attempt to save her brother and fellow five-headed dragon, Hiram, from execution. He is charged with the attempted murder of Mayor Dana Cardinal, and the attempted overthrow of city government. We will keep you updated on the negotiations as they happen.

But first, the Community Calendar.

On Sunday, we will be holding a parade to celebrate the fact that the world probably won’t end in the next few days.

Monday is Cloud Amnesty Day, the one day a year in which all Night Vale citizens are allowed to acknowledge and talk about clouds. Common topics of discussion include what clouds are made of, what their intentions might be, and why talking about them can result in fines and jail time. The day will end with the usual ceremony, in which the Sheriff’s Secret Police will do their best to arrest the cloud, marking the reinstatement of the cloud ban. Of course, the only exception to this ban is the Glow Cloud, who is almighty and gracious in its cruelty. All hail, as everyone in town says every day, at the exact moment of midnight.

Tuesday, Gino’s Italian Dining Experience and Grill and Bar will be closed for a private event. This private event will be a celebration of Bart Mentenya’s 60th birthday. Bart is only two days old, so the private celebration will last just short of 60 years. Gino’s Italian Dining Experience and Grill and Bar will be back to regular business once it’s over. Happy early 60th, Bart!

Wednesday is now only available to paid subscribers. Please join the Days of the Week membership program to receive this member-exclusive day.

Thursday is Take Work to Your Daughter Day. Gather up all your coworkers, the furniture and appliances that make up your workspace, all the petty office politics and backroom bickering, the contents of the supply closet, the structure of the supply closet, the entire building that houses your work, and bring it all piece by piece to your daughter. And then reassemble it for her saying, “See? See?” over and over as she, gape-mouthed, watches your work transplanted monstrously into a place it was never meant to be. Be sure to send us cute pictures of her weeping over what you have done.

Friday, the Museum of Forbidden Technologies will be opening its newest exhibit: Lie detectors! A hands-on, interactive and completely mandatory exhibition organized by a vague, yet menacing government agency. Remember: if you have nothing to hide, then you haven’t confessed yet. We will break you. Children and anyone with an implanted government monitoring chip gets half off admission.

This has been the Community Calendar.

The first round of negotiations over the fate of Hiram McDaniels continues today at City Hall. Not much progress has been made. Mayor Cardinal called a press conference to deliver the following update.

Dana: People of Night Vale. I entered these negotiations to represent you. So much of my job now is to bury myself, my own feelings and thoughts and opinions, and instead act as a proxy to all Night Vale citizens, to do what I think you might want or what is best for you. So here I am, all of Night Vale in one fragile body, entering into conversation with several towering five-headed dragons. This is just scene-setting, I suppose, this is just me letting you know the situation I’m in. The argument from Hadassah and her lead negotiator, Miriam, is that Hiram is a suffering citizen of their world, a world ruled by the five-headed dragons. And so, he must be taken back to their world for trial and punishment under their own justice system. It seems odd that they would send Hiram’s own sister as a representative of that justice system, but who am I? As we discussed before, in many ways, I am no one. I am all of you. I listen politely. I nod.

Now I will return to this negotiation, the ears of Night Vale, the mouth of Night Vale, the collective head of Night Vale, nodding and listening and talking. More soon from me, from all of us.

Cecil: There were no follow-up questions, as the reporters began kissing one another. Dispassionately at first, but with a growing claustrophobic panic a few moments later, as they were unable to stop. Many were heard grunting, their eyes bulging in terror as their arms, against their own desires, began clawing and clutching one another in deep embraces, their lips locked, tongues pressing behind others’ teeth, and noses smashing into cheeks.

In other news, here is what we know: the spacecraft is 10 miles in diameter, it floats 3 miles up. Here is what we know: it is translucent blue, lit from within. It radiates heat, but is far enough away that the heat is reduced to warmth. Here is what we know: the spacecraft is beautiful. Beautiful like industrial waste pouring neon over a barren dead landscape. Here is what we know: our landscape is not barren or dead. It is just dry. Here is what we know: the landscape around Night Vale is many landscapes, different depending on viewing angle and time of day. Now a wall of searing sunlight and hot sand, now a carpet rolling away into an inviting distance. This is not any sort of mystical thing, this is just how landscapes work. Here is what we know: the spacecraft has intentions. Here is what we don’t know: what those intentions are. Here is what we don’t know: what we will do next, what anyone will do next, what next. Here is what we know: the spacecraft is 10 miles in diameter, it floats 3 miles up. 3 miles below it, there is us, knowing almost nothing at all.
This has been the news.

In other news, local star reader and commander of an armed militia, Tamika Flynn, turned 16 years old today. To celebrate, Tamika asked to read a statement to our radio audience. And who am I to turn down such a bright young woman with such a powerful and violent army backing her? Ahaha, she truly terrifies me. Let’s throw it to Tamika.

Tamika: Night Vale, today is my birthday. In many ways, this milestone is meaningless. Time passes incessantly, not annually. I’m always older than I was, always more knowledgeable and experienced. Every day, I have more memories than I did the day before. But our culture tells me this day means something. So fine, I will make it mean something. I spent my morning in quiet contemplation, reading our culture’s great religion texts, like The Wizard of Earth-Sea and the Collected Fictions of Borges. I know now the path forward. From this day on, I am no longer the teen leader of an armed teen militia. I am the leader, no adjective, of a militia with only one adjective: armed. I no longer content with being a curiosity, or a good local story, or even just a teen. I want responsibility and respect, and I believe I have earned them. I do not ask for a place in Night Vale hierarchy, I demand it. Or even more, I take it without waiting for permission. And so, it is with great pleasure, and without leaving any room for dissent or protest, that I hereby appoint myself to City Council. If the multi-body being or beings that make up the current City Council would like to discuss this appointment, I will be waiting for them with the full force of my militia out on the Sand Wastes. If not, I’ll see you at the next meeting. Leave a chair open for me, or else. You can’t see me, but I’m pointing at the librarian I’ve had stuffed and mounted. It was difficult to get the tentacles just right, but my taxidermist Regina did an exquisite job.

And to Night Vale, from your newest and youngest city appointee: I will fight for you. After all, what else is an armed militia for? Thanks for all your birthday wishes. Happy birthday to you as well. On this day, all of us are older. Let us celebrate that with cake!

Cecil: Wow! An unexpected development from Tamika Flynn! City Council has responded by running up the walls of their chamber and yowling like cats, but they seem disinclined to take up her offer of confrontation, so it seems that we have a new member of the City Council for the first time.. well, ever. My best to Councilwoman Flynn.

Simone Rigadeau, the transient who lives in the Earth Sciences Building of the Night Vale Community College, is reopening classes, which have not been offered in that department since 1983. The curriculum will be modified slightly from the original Earth Sciences program, removing courses such as Elementary Oceanography and Environmental Geology to make room for new course work including “1983 – the Year the World Ended?” and “Clear and Distant Danger: the Terrible Mysteries of the Distant Prince”. And one course that’s title is the emoji of a silhouette of a woman, an emoji of the map of Italy, and an emoji of an innocent human being living within a perpetual waking nightmare, never able to escape. It’s good to see education embraced once again in the Earth Sciences building. You know, it’s been a fair bit of time since I went to college. Maybe I’ll take a few of those just for my own self-improvement. I mean, education doesn’t stop when you’re a grown up, you know. And re-education never stops, as long as you don’t perfectly echo the City Council and world government’s policies and dictates.

Update from City Hall. It appears that negotiations are breaking down. Also possibly, City Hall itself, as the building is shaking and smoke is pouring from several of its windows. Mayor Cardinal is leaning out one of those windows and is giving a statement. We go now to that statement.

Dana: Whoa! Well. It is not going great in here, obviously. They want us to send Hiram back to his own world, to be tried and punished under their own laws for attempting to violently overthrow Night Vale’s government. So I asked them, well, what’s the punishment for that over in five-headed dragon world? And Miriam said, “Nothing, that’s just how governments change. You don’t punish someone for doing their civic duty by throwing a coup or assassinating a head of state. What you do is give them a sticker with a flag on it, and the words “I overthrew”, so that everyone will know that you are a good citizen who participates in important civic responsibilities.” I told them I wasn’t about to send Hiram back just to get a sticker, and then Hadassah jumped in and said that if I didn’t send Hiram back, then she might be earning a sticker of her own.

Remember, citizens, in that room I am not me. I am you. I am us. And Hadassah was threatening us. So I told her, “You are not the first five-headed dragon to threaten me or to threaten my town. It didn’t go well for the last one, it will go even worse for you.” Which is all to say that the negotiations are going fine. I mean, Hadassah threatened to level this city, but I think that’s just what’s called a negotiating ploy. I wouldn’t worry about it.

Overall, I’m pretty calm about most things. The stress of this job would be unbearably otherwise. Hey, knock that off! Ugh, hold on.

Cecil: Listeners, it appears that Hadassah is making good on her threat. She is tearing at City Hall and.. Oh no! Oh, oh.. City Hall has collapsed! The enormous dragons are shrugging off the wreckage like so much particles of dust and are now advancing on the rest of Night Vale. Negotiations are going poorly, negotiations are going very poorly. Uh, oh the weather is nice though, let’s hear about that!

[“A Trip Out” by British Sea Power]

Dana: Thank you for your patience, Night Vale. I know things were scary there for a moment, but I hope you held on to your trust in me. Hadassah and her dragons have leveled most of this city. Entire neighborhoods reduced to a smoulderscape, smoke and rock. Schools, hospitals, nothing was safe. Everything was destroyed. But as I suspected, the whole thing was just a negotiating ploy and I held firm. So it’s all fine, we’re back at the table and talking again. We are unfortunately no further along than we were at the start, but now they understand that I am a formidable negotiator, and not one they can scare with cheap tactics, like destroying every building in our story. Anyway, our busy local contractors will get right to work rebuilding everything. They have a lot of practice since, of course, some threat or the other destroys most of the town once or twice a month.

In the meantime, I am you. We are all us. And we are going back to that negotiating table. And Hiram McDaniels is going nowhere at all.

Cecil: A great statement from our great Mayor. Hiram, the subject of all this back-and-forth, said only that he’s not worried at all, that everything is under control, and then four out of five of his heads winked.

The rest of us, the rest of town, moved on with our lives. The problem wasn’t solved, but most problems don’t get solved. I mean, generally we just do our best to mitigate the problem, and if it can’t be mitigated, then it can be relegated to a background noise by pleasant distractions and a prioritization of interests. We live with hearts that can just stop working at any moment. And yet we still lie in hammocks sometimes, or watch a sitcom, or stare at a spot on the wall thinking of many things, none of them having anything to do with the spot on the wall. Herds of grazing creatures are routinely attacked by predators, but when the attack is over, you know what they do? They go back to eating grass. Let us all, metaphorically, go back to eating grass, or, if you are a member of the Rotary Club, you can go back to literally eating grass, as usual.

Best to just ignore danger until it’s too late. The end will be the same, but the experience along the way will be far more pleasant.

Stay tuned next for a pilot turning to her co-pilot and saying, “Let’s see what this baby can do.”

Good night, Night Vale, good night.

Today’s proverb: The children were right. The floor is lava. But they were wrong about the heat-resistance of sofa cushions.

97). Josefina (date)

Why do birds appear every time you are near? It’s likely they planted a tracking device on you.

Welcome to Night Vale.

Listeners, I’ve been thinking about Old Woman Josie a lot lately. She broke her hip a couple months ago, and has been recovering at home with her daughter Alondra, as well as several beings named Erika whom Josie refers to as.. [whispers] angels. Now it’s illegal to acknowledge the existence of.. angels in Night Vale, but it’s certainly not illegal to point out how loving and kind those beings, whatever they may be, have been to Josie.

I really miss having Josie around, especially since bowling league started back up last month. Apparently, her hip healed but she has had a series of infections that led to her going back to the hospital, where doctors told her there was nothing they could do about the polio virus. Alondra said that her mother didn’t have polio, but the doctors explained it didn’t matter. The virus existed in the world, and there was nothing they could do about it. Alondra pointed out that there was a polio vaccine, had been one for decades. The doctors closed up their books, snorted, and walked briskly from the room saying, [abruptly] “Good day!” without making eye contact. The angels tried to physically carry the doctors back into the room, but Allandra just got an antibiotic prescription and took Josie home.

In today’s show, I wanted to share a little bit with you, Night Vale, about Josefina Ortiz. Her life as a Night Vale citizen, lover of the arts, and friend of mine.

But first, a word from our sponsors. Today’s show is brought to you by Walmart. For any product you can think of: home, office, garden, automotive, toys, clothes, groceries? There’s your neighborhood Walmart, and our always low prices. For every product you cannot cannot think of: repressed memories, forbidden knowledge, an incorporeal twin sibling dwelling in the back of your brain? Antimatter, uranium? There’s also Walmart. We will sell you anything, whether you can comprehend it or not. Walmart will sell it to you. Sentient maple leaves? Walmart has it. Alternate timeline that avoids a climate change apocalypse? Walmart has it. Immortality? Walmart has it. And we will beat anyone else’s price. Walmart: save money, live in an alternate timeline. [talking very fast] Apocalypse avoidance not guaranteed. Lack of climate change does not preclude nuclear winter, asteroid impact, or solar flares. Please consult the oracle before making any purchases off Walmart. Low price guarantee not available in Mitchigan.

Cecil: To tell some of her fantastic stories today, I’ve asked Josie to join me on the show. I have her on the line now. Hi, Josie! Are you feeling up to league night this week?

Josie: Hi, Cecil! I’m always up for league night. I’ll be ready next week, or the week after that. I’ve asked my friend Sarah to fill in for me while I’m gone. She’s never bowled before, but she’s a quick learner. She is also a fist-sized river rock, so I’m not sure if she can even pick up a ball and roll it. But like I said, she’s a quick learner. Our team will be just fine.

Cecil: Josie, we are talking today about your history in Night Vale. I think more than anything, your love of opera has been your greatest gift to our town.

Josie: My favorite opera growing up was Puccini’s Tosca. My mother had a copy we played on our Victrola, which we disguised as an icebox, so that the Secret Police did not know about it. Listening to music was illegal then. A minimum of 90 days sentence for anyone caught hearing opera, jazz, or symphonies. Even hearing someone walking in rhythm could be construed as a crime. It wasn’t legalized until John Cage wrote 4’3’’. The sheriff had to arrest anyone caught sitting in silence for that length of time, and our prisons became quickly overcrowded, so they decriminalized listening to music. This was great for my father, who had run the old Night Vale Opera House since it was built in 1904. His early productions were rich but colorful, ornate sets and glorious costumes, professionally trained singers who were only allowed to describe what they would sing with their gorgeous booming voices. And orchestras who shouted out, “LOUD MUSIC HERE!” or whispered, “soft music here”, underneath the text. When listening to music became legal, I begged Papi to make Tosca the first opera he performed with full singing and orchestration. It’s about an Italian singer whose city is invaded by Napoleon. A young man falls in love with her, but she doesn’t notice because she’s also the general of the Italian army, and she crushes Napoleon, and brings peace to Europe, and frees the enslaved people of Svitz.

Cecil: You played me a version of Leontyne Price singing the famous aria from Tosca. What was that called?

Josie: It was called What Up, Svitz? You’re Free Now. Sadly, the old Opera House sat dormant after its last performance in 1983. And ultimately, we had to tear it down in the 1990’s because of the puppy infestation. When we began demolition in 1994, I first met the angels. They wouldn’t reveal themselves to me for another 18 years, but they were very tall and they promised to help me. They had no money and no skills and no real knowledge of opera. I gave them a dollar and told them to get lost.

Cecil: Just so the surveillance van across the street can hear, I totally don’t believe in angels. Thanks, Josie. More stories from your time in Night Vale soon. First, let’s get to some news.

Intern Kareem reports that Hiram is in surprisingly good spirits of a five-headed dragon who is on death row. His execution is slated for later this month. His sister, Hadassah, and her five-headed dragon lawyers have been negotiating with Mayor Dana Cardinal for his release. But talks seem to have stalled late last month, when the dragons destroyed most of Night Vale. Hiram spelled out a pretty elaborate escape plan. He told Kareem he had been watching the patterns of the guards in the prison, befriending a few key members of the security staff, and had gotten a friend of his to slip in some contraband to help with breaking the shackles constraining his five necks, wings, tail, and feet. Hiram would not identify the exact name of his friend, but he said she was a Faceless Old Woman who Secretly Lived in Your Home. Wow, Kareem, your report is really hard to read! God, it’s all crossed out. And then you wrote a bunch of stuff in black marker over it, what does this mess even say? “Off the record, do not read on air”. Oh. [beat] OK, umm.. None of what I said just happened, listeners. Hiram’s in prison. That’s the news.

Cecil: And now back to Old Woman Josie. Tell us more about your life in opera.

Josie: My mother passed away when I was 28, and Papi did not last long after that. They were in love since they were 15 and did not want to be apart for longer than they had to be. So I joined the Night Vale Board of Culture in order to stay active with the Opera House and to support other artistic endeavors in town. In my 50 years on the Board of Culture, we started a Youth Orchestra Society, founded the Night Vale Community Theater, ordered the removal of all French horns from the high school marching band, and supported a performance art initiative to put tarantulas in bags and leave them in the back seats of unlocked cars.

The arts have always thrived here in Night Vale, and many people have applied to serve on the Board of Culture. During my last few years of service, several of the beings who call themselves Erika began applying to be on the board. They still had no money or skill, but they seemed to know a lot more about opera and music and theater. But the city would not allow them on the board, because they said the beings named Erika did not exist. I didn’t understand it at the time, so I asked them all to serve on an unofficial advisory committee I made up to get more arts lovers involved. I didn’t believe in angels, certainly, but I did believe whatever they were, they cared about art.

Cecil: Let’s take a news break here, and then we’ll return to Old Woman Josie.

The Night Vale Transit Authority today announced that they would be reopening the subway, which was closed three years ago, less than half a day after it opened. Spokespersons from the Transit Authority wearing deer masks and performing a ritual dance involving waving hands above their heads whilst squatting with their legs spread outward, distributed roaches to citizens. Upon each roach was a single word. Sometimes the word was something obvious like “train” or “service” or “schedule”. But others had less mass-transit related words like “crates” and “desert” and “destroyer”, and on one particular roach, just the word “Hunto-Kar”. After several hours of people screaming and swatting at their hair and pants, reporters determined that all the word-marked roaches comprised a press release detailing all of the pertinent information about the subway reopening. So as soon as we find all the roaches and place them in the correct order, we’ll bring you more information on the subway.

Cecil: Speaking of reopenings, Josie, you managed to construct the New Old Night Vale Opera House last year.

Josie: It was three years before that, when I realized it was possible. The angels, who had served for ten years in a secret advisory capacity for the Board of Culture, finally revealed themselves to me. I was changing light bulbs on my porch, and my back and balance were not what they once were, and I fell off my stepladder. These tall winged friends, all named Erika, lifted me before I hit the ground. A bright black glow illuminated the air around them and me. One of the angels gently twisted out the old bulb and replaced it. They handed the burned bulb to me and said, “We can change things.” I told them, “Yes, you are angels, I believe in you. You are angels and you can change things. We, we can change things.” And then the same angel said, “I just meant the light bulb. We can change light bulbs.” But I wanted to change the burned-out Opera House. I wanted to build a new one. And the angels called upon Night Vale’s richest citizens, billionaire Marcus Vanston, to join their ranks. And they bought the StrexCorp corporation, liquidated its assets, things like office computers, military grade helicopters and mind control collars. The angel who used to be Marcus managed the StrexCorp foundation and used those funds to build the new Opera House.

Cecil: I always wondered what happened to Marcus.

Josie: Opera is vital to this city, more than you know. Alondra is a good daughter, moving back to her home town, a town she never liked much, to take care of her ailing mother. I’m getting around, I really am better, Cecil. But Alondra, she’s treating this hip thing like hospice or something, she’s asking me about my will, about where I keep my records. She’s going through my stuff asking what things I wanna keep and what we can get rid of. She’s always been a high strung and organized child.

Cecil: I’d like your bowling ball, if you’re getting rid of things.

Josie: It’s yours, Cecil!

Cecil: Thanks, Josie. I won’t need it for aq long time, I’m sure of that. Let’s finish up our retrospective of Old Woman Josie in just a moment, listeners.

But first, let me get to the weather.

[“Everywhere” by Ex Hex]

Cecil: We are back in the studio with Old Woman Josie. Are you and Allandra getting along OK?

Josie: Alondra is a good girl, but she never wanted to live in Night Vale. I haven’t seen her for almost 20 years and she’s doing fine wherever she’s living. Ak-lahama I think she called it. Apparently it’s an actual state, but I couldn’t find anything about it when I looked it up. I think it’s in Texas somewhere. Either way, I left Alondra mostly out of my will. I mean, family things like photo albums, ancestry records, and any of the hot milk I keep in my hot milk drawer, I left to her. I don’t want her to not have anything, I love her. But I left StrexCorp to the angels, to the Erikas, who helped establish the foundation, who managed the foundation, who have done nothing but support opera and all the arts here in Night Vale for decades.

Cecil: Well that makes perfect sense. Is she mad though, I mean that none of the money you have is going to her?

Josie: Not at all, she understands. Plus she’s built a comfortable life for herself. She doesn’t want or need money, but the city does not recognize the existence of angels, Cecil. Without me, they cannot legally run StrexCorp. So it will be left to my next of kin, which is Alondra. Alondra doesn’t want to manage an arts foundation. She doesn’t want to stay in Night Vale to underwrite new play openings or poetry shaming festivals or sculpture punching gardens. She plans to close down the foundation and donate the money back to the city.

Cecil: That sounds.. great?

Josie: Cecil. The Erikas built that foundation. They built that Opera House. Everything they have worked for will be liquidated and given to the very city which denies their existence. Cecil, I need your help. The angels need your help. The opera needs your help.

Cecil: Josie, I..

Josie: Angels are real, Cecil. Say it.

Cecil: [long beat] Josie, you said it yourself. You’re feeling better, you’re up and about, Alondra’s just.. reacting to stress but she’ll get to go home soon, now that you’re healed.

Josie: You’re right, Cecil. We’ll talk about this more next week at league night. We’re not done here.

Cecil: OK, Josie.

Josie: Oh and before we go, thanks everyone who’s been bringing food by the house while I’ve been under the weather. Your old friend Earl came over. I remember you two used to be joined at the hip wearing your Boy Scout uniforms and neckkerchiefs and baseball clubs.

Cecil: Huh. I don’t remember any of that.

Josie: Earl brought me a delicious apple pie he baked himself. He used a butter crust and fresh-picked Macoun apples. He even added some cranberries, capers and metal shavings. What a clever chef! So thanks to Earl, and you Cecil, for looking out for me.

Cecil: Thanks for sharing your life with Night Vale, Josie.

Stay tuned next for the sound of a balloon popping. Stay tuned. It will happen. Eventually. Aaany minute now. Stay tuned!

And as always,
Good night, Night Vale. Good Night.

Today’s proverb: if there’s not a race to get to the dance competition on time, then your screenplay isn’t finished.
