"THE FOLLOWING STORY IS INSPIRED BY ACTUAL DOCUMENTED ACCOUNTS"

SCENE 1
COLLUM NATIONAL FOREST, NORTHWEST OREGON
(A woman runs through the forest, grunting as she trips and stumbles over logs and rocks. She is wearing a nightgown and runs through the foliage. She falls over a tree root and stumbles into a small clearing. A loud roaring starts and the wind grows stronger. She looks up to see a light growing, shining through the trees. A silhouette steps out of the light, walking towards her. The leaves around her begin swirling up in a circle, like they are in the center of a tornado. The figure stands over her as the light engulfs them both. Morning. The girl is face-down on the ground, dead. Officials walk around, murmuring to each other. The assistant coroners lean over the body as coroner John Truitt and Detective Miles walk over to the body.)

JOHN TRUITT: I put the time of death between eight and twelve hours ago. No visible cause, no sign of battery or sexual assault. All we have is this.

(He pulls up the back of her nightgown to reveal two small bumps on her lower back. Miles looks at them.)

MILES: Can we turn her over?

(They do so. Miles stands.)

Karen Swenson.

ASSISTANT CORONER: Is that a positive ID?

DETECTIVE MILES: She went to school with my son.

(He walks away as Truitt stands.)

JOHN TRUITT: Would that be the class of '89, detective? It's happening again isn't it?

(Miles keeps walking.)




SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Agent Dana Scully walks up the stairs and around to a desk where a woman sits.)

SCULLY: Agent Dana Scully.

(She continues through a group of offices and down a hallway. Reaching the door to Section Chief Blevins' office, she knocks.)

SCOTT BLEVINS: Come in.

(Scully walks in and sees Blevins sitting at his desk.)

Agent Scully, thank you for coming on such short notice. Please...

(He motions for her to sit down, which she does. A man smoking a cigarette leans against a file cabinet. He walks around to behind Blevins and leans against the wall. Another man sits next to Blevins.)

We see you've been with us just over two years.

SCULLY: Yes, sir.

SCOTT BLEVINS: You went to medical school but you chose not to practice. How'd you come to work for the F.B.I.?

SCULLY: Well, sir, I was recruited out of medical school. Um, my parents still think it was an act of rebellion, but, uh... I saw the F.B.I. as a place where I could distinguish myself.

THIRD MAN: Are you familiar with an agent named Fox Mulder?

SCULLY: Yes, I am.

(Blevins and the man look at each other.)

THIRD MAN: How so?

SCULLY: By reputation. He's an Oxford educated Psychologist, who wrote a monograph on serial killers and the occult, that helped to catch Monty Props in 1988. Generally thought of as the best analyst in the violent crimes section. He had a nickname at the academy... Spooky Mulder.

(She smiles at the Cigarette-Smoking Man, who gives no response.)

SCOTT BLEVINS: What I'll also tell you is that Agent Mulder has developed a consuming devotion to an unassigned project outside the bureau mainstream. Are you familiar with the so-called "X-Files?"

SCULLY: I believe they have to do with unexplained phenomena.

SCOTT BLEVINS: More or less. The reason you're here, Agent Scully, is we want you to assist Mulder on these X-Files. You will write field reports on your activites, along with your observations on the validity of the work.

(The Cigarette-Smoking Man stubs out his cigarette.)

SCULLY: Am I to understand that you want me to debunk the X-Files project, sir?

SCOTT BLEVINS: Agent Scully, we trust you'll make the proper scientific analysis. You'll want to contact Agent Mulder shortly. We look forward to seeing your reports.

(The elevator rings and the door slides open. Scully steps out into the basement and comes to an office secluded in the back. She knocks on the door.)

MULDER: Sorry, nobody down here but the FBI's most unwanted.

(She opens the door to see Agent Fox Mulder sitting at his desk, going over some slides. Walking slowly to him, she sees various pictures of UFO's and a poster that reads "I Want to Believe" with a UFO on it. He looks at her.)

SCULLY: Agent Mulder. I'm Dana Scully, I've been assigned to work with you.

(He shakes her hand.)

MULDER: Oh, isn't it nice to be suddenly so highly regarded? So, who did you tick off to get stuck with this detail, Scully?

SCULLY: Actually, I'm looking forward to working with you. I've heard a lot about you.

MULDER: Oh, really? I was under the impression... that you were sent to spy on me.

(He smiles.)

SCULLY: If you have any doubt about my qualifications or credentials, th...

(He stands and takes out a paper from a pile with his telephone as a paperweight.)

MULDER: You're a medical doctor, you teach at the academy. You did your undergraduate degree in physics.

(He takes off his glasses and looks at the paper.)

"Einstein's Twin Paradox, A New Interpretation. Dana Scully Senior Thesis." Now that's a credential, rewriting Einstein.

SCULLY: Did you bother to read it?

MULDER: I did. I liked it.

(He takes a slide canister and puts it into the slide projector.)

It's just that in most of my work, the laws of physics rarely seems to apply.

(He walks past her and turns off the lights. She glares at him slightly.)

Maybe I can get your medical opinion on this, though.

(He presses a button on the control and a slide comes up on the viewscreen of Karen Swenson, face-up.)

Oregon female, age twenty-one, no explainable cause of death. Autopsy shows nothing. Zip.

(He changes the slide to that of the two bumps on her back.)

There are, however, these two distinct marks on her lower back. Doctor Scully, can you ID these marks?

SCULLY: Needle punctures, maybe. An animal bite. Electrocution of some kind.

(She walks up to the viewscreen. He changes the slide to that of a molecular diagram.)

MULDER: How's your chemistry? This is the substance found in the surrounding tissue.

SCULLY: It's organic. I don't know, is it some kind of synthetic protein?

MULDER: Beats me, I've never seen it before either.

(The next slide is of a boy face-down on railroad tracks, his shirt lifted in the back.)

But here it is again in Sturgis, South Dakota.

(The final slide if of a close-up of another set of bumps.)

And again in Shamrock, Texas.

SCULLY: Do you have a theory?

MULDER: I have plenty of theories.

(He walks over to her.)

Maybe what you can explain to me is why it's bureau policy to label these cases as "unexplained phenomenon" and ignore them. Do you believe in the existence of extraterrestrials?

(He whispers the last few words eerily and she smiles.)

SCULLY: Logically, I would have to say "no."

(He nods, having expected that answer.)

Given the distances needed to travel from the far reaches of space, the energy requirements would exceed a spacecraft's capabilties th...

MULDER: Coventional wisdom. You know this Oregon female? She's the fourth person in her graduating class to die under mysterious circumstances. Now, when convention and science offer us no answers, might we not finally turn to the fantastic as a plausibility?

SCULLY: The girl obviously died of something. If it was natural causes, it's plausible that there was something missed in the post-mortem. If she was murdered, it's plausible there was a sloppy investigation. What I find fantastic is any notion that there are answers beyond the realm of science. The answers are there. You just have to know where to look.

MULDER: That's why they put the "I" in "F.B.I." See you tomorrow morning, Scully, bright and early.

(He walks back over to his desk and sits down.)

We leave for the very plausible state of Oregon at eight A.M.

(She smiles and walks out.)




SCENE 3
AIRPLANE TO OREGON
(The drink cart passes Mulder, who is lying down across a row of seats, sleeping, headphones in his ears. Scully is sitting nearby, wearing glasses and flipping through newspaper clippings of the dead teenagers. People are murmuring in the back, but the sounds of their voices are covered by the jet engines. Scully focuses on the name "Dr. Nemman." The overhead loudspeakers rings.)

PILOT: I would like to ask all passengers to fasten their seatbelts, as we're about to make our descent...

(Scully starts putting her things away when the plane starts shaking violently. People scream and things are tosses about as Scully grabs on to her seat. She looks at Mulder, who is awake now but still lying down in the seats passively. The plane finally is brought under control and she sighs in relief. He turns over and looks at her.)

MULDER: This must be the place.




SCENE 4
BELLEFLEUR, OREGON
(Driving down a long road, they pass a sign that reads "Welcome to Bellefleur, Oregon." Scully is reading the files and Mulder is eating sunflower seeds while driving.)

SCULLY: You didn't mention yesterday, this case has already been investigated.

MULDER: Yeah, the FBI got involved after the first three deaths when local authorities failed to turn up any evidence. Our boys came out here, spent a week, enjoyed the local salmon which, with a little lemon twist, is just to die for, if you'll pardon the expression. Without explanation, they were called back in. The case was reclassified and buried in the X-Files, till I dug it up last week.

SCULLY: And you found something they didn't.

MULDER: Mmm. (as if to say "yes.")

SCULLY: The autopsy reports of the first three victims, show no unidentified marks or tissue samples. But those reports were signed by a different medical examiner than the latest victim.

MULDER: That's pretty good, Scully.

SCULLY: Better than you expected or better that you hoped?

MULDER: Well... I'll let you know when we get past the easy part.

(She laughs.)

SCULLY: Is the medical examiner a suspect?

MULDER: We won't know that until we do a little gravedigging. I've arranged to exhume one of the other victims' bodies to see if we can get a tissue sample to match the girl's. You're not squeamish about that kind of thing, are ya?

SCULLY: I don't know. I've never had the pleasure.

(The radio starts flipping through channels rapidly, various sounds blaring. As Mulder tries to adjust it, the clock starts changing as well. The radio becomes a high-pitched screeching and Scully covers her ears. Mulder looks up to the sky.)

What's going on?

(Mulder pulls the car over to the side of the road and turns it off. He and Scully both get out. Mulder goes to the trunk, moves a briefcase, pulls out a can of pink spray paint, and walks over to where the occurance began. As Scully watches in wonder, he marks a giant "X" on the ground, then tosses the spray paint can back into his trunk. He moves the briefcase back on top of the can and closes the trunk.

What the hell was that about?

MULDER: Oh, you know... probably nothing.

(He gets back in the car.)




SCENE 5
COASTAL NORTHWEST OREGON; MARCH 7, 1992
(After driving through town, the agents arrive at the cemetery. Getting out, they see a number of men standing around, along with a crane. John Truitt and his assistant walk over to Mulder and Scully.)

JOHN TRUITT: Mister Mulder, John Truitt, County Coroner's Office.

MULDER: Yeah, hi.

(They shake hands.)

This is Agent Scully.

SCULLY: Hi.

(She and Truitt shake hands.)

MULDER: How soon can we get started?

(Scully and the assistant shake hands as well.)

SCULLY: Hello.

JOHN TRUITT: We're ready to go.

MULDER: Oh great.

JOHN TRUITT: Okay, Vinnie!

(The crane starts up as the four walk up the hill.)

MULDER: Were you able to arrange for a, uh... an examination facility?

JOHN TRUITT: I think we got something for you...

(A man and his teenage daughter pull up to the site.)

JAY NEMMAN: Excuse me!

MULDER: Ah...

(They turn around and look at the man.)

JAY NEMMAN: Excuse me!

(He starts towards them angrily but turns around and moves his daughter back to the passenger's side.)

No. Please stay in the car... let me handle this. I just want to talk to them.

(The girl gets into the car. The man walks over to the four officials.)

I just don't know who you people think you are. You just think you can come up here, and do whatever you damn well please, don't you?

MULDER: I'm sorry, you are...

JAY NEMMAN: I'm Doctor Jay Nemman. I'm county medical examiner.

MULDER: Surely, you must have been informed of our intentions to come up here.

JAY NEMMAN: No, uh, no. We've been away.

MULDER: Oh, oh. Well, that answers the question that we had. Why you hadn't done the recent autopsy on Karen Swenson. You're aware of the tissue sample that was taken from the girl's body.

JAY NEMMAN: Wha... wha... what is the insinuation here? Are you saying that I missed something in those other kids' exams?

SCULLY: We're not insinuating anything, sir.

JAY NEMMAN: Wait a minute.

(The group turns back, but Nemman grabs Mulder's arm and spins him around.)

Wait a minute, see, well I think you are. And if you're making an accusation, then you'd better have something to back it up.

(His daughter gets out of the car.)

THERESA NEMMAN: Daddy, please, let's just go home.

(Jay motions for Theresa to wait.)

Let's go home, please.

(Nemman glares at Mulder, then gets back in the car and drives off.)

MULDER: Guy obviously needed a longer vacation.

(They start back up the hill. They reach the gravesite and the crane starts scooping out the dirt above the coffin. Scully is reading from the file loudly because the crane's whirring is very loud.)

SCULLY: Ray Soames was the third victim. After graduating high school, he spent time in a state mental hospital treated for post-adolescent schizophrenia.

MULDER: Soames actually confessed to the first two murders. He pleaded to be locked up but he couldn't produce any evidence that he committed the crimes. Did you happen to read the cause of death?

SCULLY: Exposure. His body was found in the woods after escaping the hospital.

MULDER: Missing for only seven hours in July. How does a twenty-year-old boy die of exposure on a warm summers night in Oregon, Doctor Scully?

WORKER: I got it.

(Two men help pull out the coffin as it is being lifted out by a harness. Suddenly, one of the straps breaks and the coffin starts rolling down the hill.)

Look out!

(As it hits the ground, the people jump, startled. They run down to the coffin as it crashes up against a tombstone, stopping it. The coffin has been broken open. Mulder goes to open it but Truitt grabs his arm.)

JOHN TRUITT: This isn't official procedure.

MULDER: Really?

(Mulder opens it anyway and sees a desecated, mummified grayish body lying in the coffin. While it is unclear exactly what this was, it is definitely not human. The arms are very long and the body is thin as well. The agents and workers gasp and cover their mouths, nauseous. Mulder stands and looks at Scully, who is kneeling.)

It's probably a safe bet Ray Soames never made the varsity basketball team.

(He turns to Truitt.)

Seal this up, right now! Nobody sees or touches this. Nobody!

(Truitt slams the lid shut.)




SCENE 6
10:56 P.M.
(Scully is dressed in her doctor's garb as Soames is laid out on the table. Mulder is taking pictures with a flashbulb.)

MULDER: This is amazing, Scully. You know what this could mean? It's almost too big to even comprehend.

SCULLY: Subject is a hundred and fifty-six centimeters in length, weighing fifty-two pounds in extremis. Corpse is in advance stages of decay and desiccation. Distinguishing features include large ocular cavities, oblate cranium... indicates subject is not human. Could you point that flash away from me, please?

(Mulder puts the camera away.)

MULDER: If it's not human, what is it?

SCULLY: It's mammalian. My guess is it's a chimpanzee or something from the ape family, possibly an orangutan.

MULDER: Buried in the city cemetery in Ray Soames' grave? Try telling that to the good townsfolk or to Ray Soames' family. I want tissue samples and x-rays. I'd like blood type and toxicology and a full genetic work-up.

SCULLY: You're serious?

MULDER: What we can't do here, we'll order to go.

SCULLY: You don't honestly believe this is some kind of an extraterrestrial? This is somebody's sick joke.

MULDER: We can do those x-rays here, can't we? Is there any reason we can't do them right now? I'm not crazy, Scully. I have the same doubts you do.




SCENE 7
SCULLY'S HOTEL ROOM
(The time is 4:37. Scully is typing on her laptop while listening to a recording she made earlier. There is an x-ray of Soames' head with the nasal cavity circled taped to the lamp.)

SCULLY ON TAPE RECORDER: Official laboratory inspection of the body and x-ray analysis confirms homologous but possibly mutated mammalian physiology. However, does not account for small unidentified object found in subject's nasal cavity. A grey metallic implant form...

(She stops the tape and picks up a small tube containing a gray metallic object. There is a knock on the door.)

SCULLY: Who is it?

MULDER: Steven Spielberg.

(She smiles and opens the door. Mulder leans up against the doorway in jogging clothes and wearing a baseball cap backwards.)

I'm way too wired. I'm going for a run, you want to come?

SCULLY: Pass.

MULDER: You figure out what that little thing up Ray Soames' nose is yet?

SCULLY: No...

(She yawns.)

And I'm not losing any sleep over it. Good night.

(She closes the door and looks at the x-ray.)




SCENE 8
RAYMON COUNTY; STATE PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL
(Mulder, Scully and Doctor Glass are walking outside the building.)

GLASS: Ray Soames was a patient of mine, yes. I oversaw his treatment for just over a year for clinical schizophrenia. Ray had an inability to grasp reality. He seemed to suffer from some kind of post-traumatic stress.

MULDER: Is that something you've seen before?

GLASS: I've treated similar cases.

SCULLY: Were any of those Ray Soames' classmates?

GLASS: Yes.

MULDER: We're trying to find a connection in these deaths. Did you treat any of these kids with hypnosis?

GLASS: No, I did not.

SCULLY: Are you treating any of these kids now?

GLASS: Currently? Yes, I'm treating Billy Miles and Peggy O'Dell. Both have been long term live-in patients.

(They stop walking.)

SCULLY: They're here at this hospital?

GLASS: That's right, going on four years now.

SCULLY: Would it be possible for us to talk to them?

GLASS: Well, you might find it difficult. Certainly, in Billy Miles' case.

(Billy Miles lays on his hospital bed very still. His eyes are open but there is no sign of life except for the pulse read-out on the monitor. The three walk in. Peggy O'Dell sits in her wheelchair next to Billy. A nurse is changing the sheets on the adjacent bed.)

GLASS: Billy's experiencing what we call a waking coma. Functionally, his brainwaves are flat and he's persistent vegetative.

SCULLY: How did it happen?

GLASS: Both he and Peggy were involved in an automobile accident out on State road.

(He looks over to Peggy.)

Peggy?

PEGGY O'DELL: "...aerial..."

(She stops reading.)

Peggy, we have some visitors, would you like to talk with them for a moment?

PEGGY O'DELL: Billy wants me to read now. "It's not sand, it's dark..."

(Mulder kneels down in front of her.)

MULDER: Does he like it when you read to him?

PEGGY O'DELL: Yes. Billy needs me close.

(Mulder walks back over to the doctor.)

MULDER: Doctor. I'm wondering if we can do a cursory medical exam on Peggy.

(She throws the book down, tips over the food tray, and starts wheeling around.)

NURSE: Peggy? Oh, Peggy, what are you doing?

GLASS: Get an orderly.

(Nurses and Doctor Glass go to her. She grabs her nose and starts screaming.)

MULDER: No one is going to hurt you!

(She moves her hand away from her nose and it is covered with blood, as well as her face. She falls forward off the chair and onto the floor.)

GLASS: This is an emergency. Get an orderly, get an orderly. Nobody is going to hurt you. The nurse is here.

(Mulder takes the opportunity to lift up the back of Peggy's shirt. She has the bumps. Mulder looks at Scully, who looks back in shock.)

NURSE: I'm ringing for the orderlies now.

PEGGY O'DELL: Stop it! Stop!

DR. GLASS: All right, Peggy. All right. It's all right.

NURSE: Peggy, honey, you're going to be fine. You've had these nose bleedings before, now calm down. Don't worry...

(Scully walks out angrily. Mulder walks down the stairs quickly after her.)

MULDER: What's his name, er... Billy said he was sorry he didn't get to say goodbye.

SCULLY: How did you know that girl was going to have the marks?

MULDER: I don't know, lucky guess?

SCULLY: Damn it, Mulder, cut the crap. What is going on here? What do you know about those marks? What are they?

MULDER: Why? So you can put it down in your little report? I don't think you're ready for what I think.
(They stop walking.)

SCULLY: I'm here to solve this case, Mulder, I want the truth.

MULDER: The truth? I think those kids have been abducted.

SCULLY: By who?

MULDER: By what.

SCULLY: You don't really believe that?

MULDER: Do you have a better explanation?

SCULLY: I'll buy that girl is suffering some kind of pronounced psychosis. Whether it's organic or the result of those marks, I can't say. But to say that they've been riding around in flying saucers, it's crazy, Mulder, there is nothing to support that.

MULDER: Nothing scientific, you mean.

SCULLY: There has got to be an explaination. You've got four victims. All of them died in or near the woods. They found Karen Swenson's body in the forest in her pajamas, ten miles from her house. How did she get there? What were those kids doing out there in the forest?




SCENE 9
COLLUM NATIONAL FOREST, NORTHWEST OREGON
(Scully and Mulder walk through the forest, carrying flashlights. They both are no longer in suits, now wearing jackets and pants. Mulder signals to Scully and they split up. Mulder looks at his compass, which is spinning wildly. Scully, in the clearing, bends down and picks up some strange dirt on the ground. A large rumbling begins.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

(The rumbling grows louder. She stands and takes out her gun. Walking back, she sees a light shining through the trees.)

Mulder, is that you? Mulder?

(A silhouette from out of the light comes towards her. The man lifts up his shotgun and Scully points her weapon at the man.)

Special Agent Dana Scully, FBI, drop your weapon.

(Detective Miles steps into the light.)

MILES: I'm with the County Sheriff's Department. You're trespassing on private property here.

SCULLY: We are conducting an investigation.

(Mulder walks up and points his gun as well.)

MILES: Get in your car and leave, both of you, or I'll have to arrest you. I don't care who you are.

MULDER: Hold on! This is a crime scene.

MILES: Did you hear what I said? You are on private property without legal permission. Now, I'm only going to say it one more time, get in your car and leave.

(Mulder and Scully lower their flashlights and weapons. They walk out past the yellow tape and pass a truck with huge searchlights on them that created the light. They get into their car and drive off.)

MULDER: What's he doing out here all by himself?

SCULLY: Maybe it has something to do with this.

(She holds out a handful of dirt. He turns on the carlight.)

What do you think it is?

MULDER: I don't know. Is it a campfire?

SCULLY: It was all over the ground. I think something is going on out here, some kind of a sacrifice, maybe. What if these kids are involved in some kind of occult and that man knows something about it?

(Mulder takes out his compass and looks at it. It is acting very strangely.)

I wanna come back here.

(Mulder looks at his watch, which reads 9:03. He looks down at the compass again.)

You okay, Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah, I'm just, er...

(He starts looking up through the windshield.)

SCULLY: What are you looking for?

(There is a loud roar and a light engulfs them. Time seems to stop just for a second. When the light fades, the car slowly comes to a stop, having no power. Mulder tries to restart the car, but it will not go.)

What happened?

MULDER: We lost power, brakes, steering, everything.

(He looks at his watch.)

We lost nine minutes.

(He gets out of the car and screams into the sky. Scully gets out. They scream over the rain to each other as they talk.)

SCULLY: We lost what?

MULDER: Nine minutes. I looked at my watch just before the flash and it was nine-o-three. It just turned nine-thirteen.

(He starts running down the road.)

Look! Look!

(They stop at the pink "X" that Mulder marked in the road, only a few feet from the car.)

Oh-ho, yes! Abductees... people who have made UFO sightings, they've reported unexplained time loss.

SCULLY: Come on.

MULDER: Gone! Just like that.

SCULLY: No, what a minute. You're saying that, that time disappeared. Time can't just disappear, it's, it's, it's a universal invariant!

(The car starts up and the headlights shine on them. Mulder smiles.)

MULDER: Not in this zipcode.

(He runs back over to the car. Scully looks down at the "X" and follows.)




SCENE 10
SCULLY'S HOTEL ROOM
(Scully is typing on her laptop. We hear her voice over the scene. As she types, it reads:

"Agent Mulder's insistence of time loss due to unknown forces cannot be validated or substantiated by this witness"

She continues typing. A thunderclap rings out and the power goes out.)

SCULLY: Great.

(She goes into her bathroom, carrying a candle and wearing a bathrobe. She starts running a bath and takes off her robe, revealing only a bra and underwear. She goes to slip off her underwear when she feels something. Two bumps on her lower back.)




SCENE 11
MULDER'S HOTEL ROOM
(Mulder, carrying a candle, opens the door to see Scully standing in her bathrobe, shaken.)

MULDER: Hi.

SCULLY: I want you to look at something.

MULDER: Come on in.

(Scully walks in, turns around and slips off her robe. She is still wearing only a bra and underwear. She looks back at him, then down to her lower back. Mulder sees a few bumps.)

SCULLY: What are they?

(Mulder starts to smile.)

Mulder, what are they?

MULDER: Mosquito bites.

SCULLY: Are you sure?

MULDER: Yeah. I got eaten up a lot myself out there.

(She gasps in relief, slips her robe on and hugs Mulder for a long time.)

You okay?

SCULLY: Yes.

(She pulls away from the hug.)

MULDER: You're shaking.

SCULLY: I need to sit down.

(She sits down. He sits down in a seat across from her.)

MULDER: Take your time.

(Later, Scully is laying on the bed and Mulder sits in front of it on the floor.)

I was twelve when it happened. My sister was eight. She just disappeared out of her bed one night. Just gone, vanished. No note, no phone calls, no evidence of anything.

SCULLY: You never found her.

MULDER: Tore the family apart. No one would talk about it. There were no facts to confirm, nothing to offer any hope.

SCULLY: What did you do?

MULDER: Eventually, I went off to school in England, I came back, got recruited by the bureau. Seems I had a natural aptitude for applying behavioural models to criminal cases.

(Outside, a man in a raincoat shuffles through the bushes.)

My success allowed me a certain freedom to pursue my own interests. And that's when I came across the X-Files.

(He turns to face her.)

SCULLY: By accident?

MULDER: At first, it looked like a garbage dump for UFO sightings, alien abduction reports, the kind of stuff that most people laugh at as being ridiculous. But I was fascinated. I read all the cases I could get my hands on, hundreds of them. I read everything I could about paranormal phenomenon, about the occult and...

(He sighs and drifts off into thought.)

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: There's classified government information I've being trying to access, but someone has been blocking my attempts to get at it.

SCULLY: Who? I don't understand.

(She sits up a little.)

MULDER: Someone at a higher level of power. The only reason I've been allowed to continue with my work is because I've made connections in congress.

SCULLY: And they're afraid of what? That, that you'll leak this information?

MULDER: You're a part of that agenda, you know that.

SCULLY: I'm not a part of any agenda. You've got to trust me. I'm here just like you, to solve this.

(He moves closer, kneeling.)

MULDER: I'm telling you this, Scully, because you need to know, because of what you've seen. In my research, I've worked very closely with a man named Dr. Heitz Werber and he's taken me through deep regression hypnosis. I've been able to go into my own repressed memories to the night my sister disappeared. I can recall a bright light outside and a presence in the room. I was paralyzed, unable to respond to my sister's calls for help.

(He moves even closer, talking louder.)

Listen to me, Scully, this thing exists.

SCULLY: But how do you know...

MULDER: The government knows about it, and I got to know what they're protecting. Nothing else matters to me, and this is as close as I've ever gotten to it.

(The phone rings, startling Scully. Mulder picks up.)

Hello? What? Who is this? Who is thi...

(He hangs up.)

That was some woman... she just said Peggy O'Dell was dead.

SCULLY: The girl in the wheelchair?




SCENE 12
RURAL HIGHWAY 133
BELLEFLEUR, OREGON
(A mack truck sits in the road, ambulances and police cars surrounding it. People stand outside talking.)

MAN #1: Yeah, I'll bring it over in a minute.

(A sheriff lights a flare and puts it down in the road to ward off traffic. Mulder and Scully pull up.)

MAN #2: We're going to need a couple of more hours, Bob.

(Mulder walks over to a deputy and the driver.)

MULDER: What happened?

TRUCK DRIVER: She ran right out in front of me.

DEPUTY: Who are you?

MULDER: She was running? On foot?

(The county coroner pulls up and Scully uncovers Peggy's face. Her neck is in a brace, and she is very bloody. There are tubes in her nose. Scully looks at Peggy's watch, which has stopped and reads 9:03. Scully walks over to Mulder and the deputy. Mulder is very ornery.)

Well, that's just...

SCULLY: We need to ask you a few quest...

MULDER: Let's go, let's go.

(She looks at him and he leads her to the car.)

Someone trashed the autopsy bay in the lab and they stole the body, we're going back to the motel.

SCULLY: What? They stole the corpse?




SCENE 13
HOTEL
(Scully and Mulder pull up and run out of the car. Police and firemen are all around. Mulder runs over to a deputy and shows him his badge.)

MULDER: F.B.I.

(They stop and look at the hotel, which is ablaze.)

SCULLY: There goes my computer.

MULDER: Damn it! The x-rays and pictures!

(Firemen run around, one climbing a ladder.)

FIREMAN: We need a couple of men out here!

(Mulder closes his eyes, frustrated and angry. Theresa Nemman steps out of the crowd and over to the agents.)

THERESA NEMMAN: My name is Theresa Nemman. You've got to protect me.

MULDER: Come with us.




SCENE 14
DINER
(Scully sits next to Theresa in a booth. Mulder sits across from them.)

THERESA NEMMAN: This is the way it happens, I don't know how I get out there. I'll just find myself out in the woods.

MULDER: How long has it been happening?

THERESA NEMMAN: Ever since the summer we graduated. It's happened to my friends too. That's why I need you to protect me. I'm scared I might... die like the others, like... Peggy did tonight.

MULDER: Your father's the medical examiner. You were the one on the phone, you told me Peggy O'Dell had been killed.

(Theresa nods.)

SCULLY: Theresa, your father knows about this, doesn't he? About what happened.

THERESA NEMMAN: Yes. But he said never to tell anyone about any of it.

MULDER: Why?

THERESA NEMMAN: He wants to protect me. He thinks he can protect me, but I don't think he can.

MULDER: Do you have the marks, Theresa?

THERESA NEMMAN: Yes. I'm going to die, aren't I? I'm gonna be next?

SCULLY: No, you're not going to die.

(Blood pours out of Theresa's left nostril.)

Oh, God!

(Scully runs over to the adjacent table and gets some napkins. Before she can give them to Theresa, she notices Nemman and Miles walk in.)

JAY NEMMAN: Let's go home, Theresa. Theresa, come on.

(He pushes Mulder out of the way and sits down next to Theresa. He puts a handkercheif to her nose.)

Come on, honey.

MULDER: I don't think she wants to leave.

JAY NEMMAN: Come on...

(Nemman looks at Mulder.)

I don't care what you think! She's a sick girl.

MILES: Your father wants to take you home. He'll get you all cleaned up.

JAY NEMMAN: I'm going to take you where you'll be safe, Theresa. Detective Miles and I won't let anything happen to you, I promise.

(Mulder looks at Miles in shock.)

MULDER: You're Billy Miles' father?

DETECTIVE MILES: That's right. And you stay away from that boy.

(Outside, Theresa looks at Mulder and Scully from the back seat of Nemman's van. The windows roll up and they drive away. Mulder and Scully watch them go.)

MULDER: Eh, you gotta love this place. Everyday's like Halloween.

SCULLY: They know Mulder. They know who's responsible for the murders.

MULDER: They know something.

(They start walking to the car.)

SCULLY: Dr. Nemman's been hiding medical evidence from the beginning. He lied on the autopsy reports and now we find out about the detective. Who else would have reason to trash the lab and our rooms?

(They stop.)

MULDER: Why would they destroy evidence? What would they want with that corpse?

SCULLY: I don't know, I...

MULDER: Makes you wonder what's in those other two graves.




SCENE 15
CEMETARY; 5:07
(As the rain pours down, Mulder and Scully, carrying flashlights, walk into the cemetary to find that the other two graves have been unearthed and are empty.)

MULDER: They're both empty.

SCULLY: What is going on here?

MULDER: I think I know who did it. I think I know who killed Karen Swenson.

SCULLY: Who? The detective?

MULDER: The detective's son. Billy Miles.

SCULLY: The boy in the hospital? The vegetable?! Billy Miles, a boy who's been in a coma for the last four years, got out here and dug up these graves?

MULDER: Peggy O'Dell was bound to a wheelchair but she ran in front of that truck. Look, I'm not making this up, it all fits the profile of alien abduction.

SCULLY: This fits a profile?

MULDER: Yes. Peggy O'Dell was killed at around nine-o-clock, that's right around the time we lost nine minutes on the highway, I think that something happened in that nine minutes. I think that time, as we know it, stopped. And something took control over it.

(She smiles, almost laughing.)

You think I'm crazy.

(She nods and he walks away a little. Her face becomes grimmer. He looks back at her and notices that something is bothering her.)

What?

SCULLY: Peggy O'Dell's watch stopped a couple of minutes after nine. I made a note of it when I saw the body.

MULDER: That's the reason the kids come to the forest, because the forest controls them and summons them there. And, and, and the marks are from, from some kind of test that's being done on them. And, and that may be causing some kind of genetic mutation which would explain the body that we dug up.

SCULLY: And the force summoned Theresa Nemman's body into the woods tonight.

MULDER: Yes, but it was Billy Miles who took her there, summoned by some alien impulse. That's it!

(Scully laughs, finding everything ludicrous but believing it. Mulder smiles.)

Come on, let's get out of here.

SCULLY: Where are we going?

MULDER: We're going to pay a visit to Billy Miles.

(They start walking back.)




SCENE 16
RAYMON COUNTY; STATE PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL
(Mulder talks to the nurse while Scully looks at Billy's fingers.)

NURSE: Now, we could stand here until the second coming, waiting for Billy to get out of this bed. It ain't going to happen. He blinks and I know about it.

(She starts changing his IV.)

MULDER: I guess you changed his bedpan last night.

NURSE: Hmm, nobody else here's gonna do it.

MULDER: You noticed nothing unusual? Do you remember what you were doing last night around nine-o-clock?

NURSE: Mmm, probably watching TV, yeah.

MULDER: Do you rememeber what you were watching?

NURSE: Um, let's see... you know I don't really remember what I watched.

(Scully goes over to Billy's feet and lifts the covers up.)

Miss?

(Scully starts inspecting Miles' feet.)

What is she looking for?

SCULLY: Mulder, take a look at this.

(Mulder looks at it and Scully opens up an evidence vial. She starts scraping off some of the strange dirt into the vial. Mulder looks back at the nurse.)

MULDER: Do you know who was taking care of Peggy O'Dell last night?

NURSE: Not me, it's not my ward. Not my aisle of the produce section.

(She laughs. Mulder humors her by laughing slightly.)

I do have a job of my own to do... what is she doing now?

(Scully closes up the vial.)

MULDER: Thank you for your time, ma'am.

NURSE: Okay.

MULDER: Good day.

(Mulder leads Scully out. Once outside the room, Scully walks rapidly, excited.)

SCULLY: That kid may have killed Peggy O'Dell, I don't believe this.

MULDER: Scully...

SCULLY: It's crazy! He was in the woods.

MULDER: You're sure?

(She holds up the vial in a baggie.)

SCULLY: This is the same stuff that I took a handful of in the forest.

MULDER: Okay, then maybe we should take it and run a lab test...

SCULLY: We lost the original sample in the fire. What else could it be?

(They stop.)

MULDER: All right, but I just want you to understand what it is you're saying.

SCULLY: You said it yourself.

MULDER: Yeah, but you have to write it down in your report.

(Scully calms down.)

SCULLY: You're right. We'll take another sample from the forest... and run a comparison before we do anything.




SCENE 17
COLLUM NATIONAL FOREST, NORTHWEST OREGON
(They pull up to the forest and see Miles' van. Mulder shines his flashlight in the front seat. It is empty.)

SCULLY: The detective's here. What do you think?

(A woman's scream rings out. Mulder and Scully start running through the forest. They split up, running through foliage, searching for the girl. Out of nowhere, Miles hits Scully on the head with the butt of his gun. She falls and looks up at Miles.)

MILES: You wouldn't listen to me. I told you to stay out of this.

(He runs off as she struggles to get up. Mulder stops and hears another scream, then starts running to his left. He nearly trips over a root and sees Miles standing in front of him, cocking his shotgun.)

Hold it, hold it right there! You got no business out here.

MULDER: There were screams...

MILES: Down on the ground. Now!

MULDER: You know it's Billy. You've known it all along.

MILES: I said down on the ground.

(Mulder kneels.)

MULDER: How long are you gonna let it happen?

(The woman screams again.)

He's gonna kill her!

(Miles looks towards the screams, then runs off. He sees Billy lifting up Theresa's shoulders. The wind is growing and the leaves are swirling around them.)

MILES: Billy, no! Let her go! Leave her alone!

(Billy looks at him, then goes back to lifting her up. Miles points his shotgun and Mulder tackles him. A shot rings out. Scully, holding her head, hears the shot and runs in the direction of it. Mulder and Miles watch on the ground as Billy takes Theresa in his arms and looks up. Mulder notices the two welts on Billy's back. The wind grows stronger and a light encompasses them. Mulder and Miles stand, looking at the light. Scully looks from a distance as the light grows. The light and wind die down and there is a thunderclap. Billy stands there, Theresa on the ground. She looks at him and he looks at his father.)

BILLY MILES: Dad?

MILES: Billy. Oh, god.

(They hug. Mulder sees that the bumps are gone. Mulder realizes that his partner is missing.)

MULDER: Scully.

(He picks up his flashlight and starts running. They meet halfway.)

Scully!

SCULLY: Mulder, what happened? There was a light.

MULDER: It was incredible.

(They both gasp for air, Mulder smiling slightly.)




SCENE 18
MARCH 22, 1992
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Doctor Heitz Werber sits across from Billy.)

HEITZ WERBER: If you can hear me, raise your right hand.

(Billy does so slowly.)

Tell me about the light, Billy. When did you first see the light?

BILLY MILES: In the forest. We were all in the forest having a party. All my friends. We were celebrating.

HEITZ WERBER: What were you celebrating?

BILLY MILES: Graduation. And then the light came. It took me away to the testing place.

(Mulder is off to the side, watching. His reflection can be seen in the mirror.)

They would tell me to gather the others so that they could do tests. They put something in my head... here.

(He puts his hand on his head where his nasal cavity is. On the other side of the mirror, Scott Blevins, the Cigarette-Smoking Man, the third man from before, and Scully are watching.)

I would wait for their orders.

HEITZ WERBER: Billy, who gave the orders?

BILLY MILES: The light. They said it would be okay. No one would know. But the test didn't work. They wanted everything destroyed. They said they were leaving. I'm afraid. I'm afraid they're coming back.

(Billy starts crying. The Cigarette-Smoking Man whispers in Blevins' ear.)

HEITZ WERBER: Don't be afraid Billy, we're gonna help.

SCOTT BLEVINS: All right, let's go.

(As they all start to file out, Mulder looks at the mirror directly at Scully. Scully looks at him, knowing that he cannot see her, then leaves.)




SCENE 19
SECTION CHIEF BLEVINS' OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Blevins is seated at his desk and the third man is seated next to the right of him. Scully is sitting across from Blevins.)

SCOTT BLEVINS: What we've just witnessed, what we've read in your field reports... the scientific basis and credibility just seem wholly unsupportable, you're aware of that?

SCULLY: Yes, sir. My reports are personal and subjective. I don't think I've gone so far as to draw any conclusion about what I've seen.

THIRD MAN: Or haven't seen, as seems to be the case. This, uh... time loss... you did or did not experience it?

SCULLY: I can't substantiate it, no.

SCOTT BLEVINS: What exactly can you substantiate, Agent Scully? I see no evidence that justifies the legitimacy of these investigations.

SCULLY: There were, of course, crimes committed.

SCOTT BLEVINS: Yes, but how do you prosecute a case like this? With testimony given under hypnosis from a boy who claims that he was given orders from some alien force through an implant in his nose? You have no physical evidence.

(Scully stands and puts down the vial with the nasal cavity implant on Blevins' desk.)

SCULLY: This is the object described by Billy Miles as a communication device. I removed it from the exumed body.

(Blevins looks at it.)

I kept it in my pocket, it was the only piece of evidence not destroyed in the fire. I ran a lab test on it, the material could not be identified.

SCOTT BLEVINS: Agent Mulder, what are his thoughts?

SCULLY: Agent Mulder believes we are not alone.

SCOTT BLEVINS: Thank you, Agent Scully, that will be all.

(Scully leaves the office as she walks down the hallway, she passes the Cigarette-Smoking Man. She watches him go into Blevins' office, then starts walking.)




SCENE 20
SCULLY'S APARTMENT
(Scully lays in bed, eyes wide open, unable to sleep. The time is 11:21. It changes to 11:22. The phone rings and Scully picks up.)

SCULLY: Hello?

MULDER: Scully? It's me, I haven't been able to sleep. I talked to the D.A.'s office in Raymon County, Oregon. There's no case file on Billy Miles. The paperwork we filed is gone. We need to talk, Scully.

SCULLY: Y, yes. Tomorrow.

(She hangs up slowly, then grows a little tenser as she lays down.)




SCENE 21
HIDDEN ROOM
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man walks down a long hallway. On either side of him are rows upon rows of shelves containing brown boxes. He comes up to one and pulls out a casing holding many of the same kind of vials that were in the abductees. He takes out the one from Ray Soames' body and puts it in the casing with the rest of them. Putting the casing back, he walks down the rest of the hallway, comes to the door and walks out. Closing the door, he then runs his keycard through it's sensor. The sign on the door reads:

"In Case Of Fire Or Emergency
Know Your Exits
PENTAGON
Evacuation Procedure"

There is a map of the Pentagon next to it. The Cigarette-Smoking Man walks away.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
NEAR ELLENS AIR BASE
SOUTHWEST IDAHO
(Several military police surround what looks to be a normal house)

COMMANDING OFFICER: As soon as we're in position, we'll be on a count of five.

(A woman comes up to a police barrier)

ANITA BUDAHAS: Excuse me, that's my house.

MILITARY POLICE OFFICER: Ok, let her through.

(The woman runs up to the commanding officer)

ANITA BUDAHAS: What's going on?

COMMANDING OFFICER: Standby. Mrs. Budahas?

ANITA BUDAHAS: Yeah.

COMMANDING OFFICER: Your husband has violated basic security procedure. He's commandeered a military vehicle that's believed to be armed.

LEAD OFFICER: Keep on moving in.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Oh God!

(The MP's cover the entrance of the house, while two others get ready to use a battering ram to break open the front door. The Lead Officer signals the officers to begin with a countdown from five, on his fingers. The door is broke open and the MP's move in, securing each room)

VOICE: We have access..

ANITA BUDAHAS: You've got to let me talk to him.

(The MP's secure the upstairs, room by room. Finally kicking in a door finding their target)

LEAD OFFICER: What the hell. We got him but he's gonna need a doctor.. or something.

(We see a man, wearing only his underwear, sitting trembling in a corner of the room. His skin looks like it has been burned and blistered)




SCENE 2
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(The camera pans down a aerial shot of a road. Next we see the inside of a bar, a waiter is making and serving drinks. We see Scully, sitting at the bar, she checks her watch before continuing to work at a file. Mulder appears)

SCULLY: Hi. I got your message.

MULDER: Sorry for the run around. Can I buy you a drink?

SCULLY: It's two-o-clock in the afternoon Agent Mulder.

MULDER: It's not stopping the rest of these people. I got something to show you.

SCULLY: Something you couldn't show me at work.

MULDER: Let's get a table. (Mulder and Scully make their way through the crowded bar. We see many people sitting at the bar, but one particular man seems to be watching Mulder and Scully. Scully is looking through a file, we see a photo of a man, the same man we saw trembling in his home at the start, in a military uniform) That's Colonel Robert Budahas. That photo was taken last year when he was a test pilot for the military, stationed at Ellens Air Base in Southwest Idaho. Four months ago, Colonel Budahas experienced a psychotic episode and barricaded himself in his home. Military police were called in. Budahas was removed and apparently hospitalised with treatment of his condition.

SCULLY: Which was what, exactly?

MULDER: The military will not comment on the cause, nature or status. In fact, the military will not comment on Colonel Budahas at all.

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MULDER: Mrs. Budahas has neither seen nor heard from her husband in over four months. Her inquiries to the military have gone unanswered. Last month, she contacted the FBI and reported it as a kidnapping.

SCULLY: What reason would the military have to kidnap one of their own pilots?

MULDER: That's the sixty-four thousand dollar question, Scully. (Mulder passes Scully some new information, a thick pile of papers) Since 1963, six pilots have been listed as missing in action, from Ellens Air Base. The military will say only that these pilots accepted the risks of flying experimental aircraft.

SCULLY: Yeah, there were rumours those pilots were shot down at high altitudes, while they were routinely penetrating Russian air space.

MULDER: There were other rumours too. I've been tracking this case since it came through the Boise regional office last month. Last week, for reasons I can't figure out, it was deprioritised. They shelved this case without an investigation, Scully.

SCULLY: So?

MULDER: So, you and I, are going to the spud state to investigate a little kidnapping.

SCULLY: I don't get it Mulder. Does this have something to do with an X-File? I thought you only liked those, er, paranormal type cases. Am I missing something here?

MULDER: Let's just say, this case has a, distinct smell to it, a certain, paranormal bouquet. Excuse me.

(Mulder gets up and goes to the restroom)




SCENE 3
(Mulder walks from a urinal to the sink and washes his hands. Another man leaves the restroom. Mulder bends down and rinses his face then gets up and dries it. He sees, in the mirror, a man standing behind him, the same man that was watching him from the bar. Mulder turns to face him)
DEEP THROAT: Leave this case alone Agent Mulder.

MULDER: What?

DEEP THROAT: The military will not tolerate an FBI investigation.

MULDER: Who are you?

DEEP THROAT: I, er, can be of help to you. I've had a certain interest in your work.

(There is a knock on the door, we see that it has been bolted from the inside)

VOICE: Sorry.

MULDER: How do you know about my work?

DEEP THROAT: Well, let's just say that I'm in a position to know quite alot of things, er, things about our government.

MULDER: Who are you? Who do you work for?

DEEP THROAT: It's unimportant, I came here to give you some valuable advice. You are exposing yourself and Agent Scully to unnecessary risk, I advise you to drop the case.

MULDER: I can't do that.

DEEP THROAT: You have much work to do Agent Mulder, (The man unlocks the door) don't jeopardise the future of your own efforts.

(The man leaves and as Mulder rushes out after him, he is obstructed by another man trying to come into the restroom. Mulder pushes passed the man, and moves out into the bar. When he looks around he sees no sign of the man, he was talking to. Scully notices Mulder's curious
look and approaches)




SCENE 4
SCULLY: You ok Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah, I'm fine.




SCENE 5
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Scully is sitting at a large microfiche film reader screen, reading through information on Ellens Air Base and it's association with UFO buffs. One phrase that Scully seems to focus on reads, `...technology with stealth weaponry...')

(We see Mulder standing in his kitchen, his phone rings)

MULDER: Hello.

SCULLY: Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

SCULLY: I checked on that file you gave me.

MULDER: Uh-huh.

SCULLY: You failed to tell me a few things. (Mulder hears clicking noises coming from his phone, he takes the phone away from his ear) This isn't some UFO goose chase, you're leading me on, is it? (Mulder listens into the phone again) Are you there Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

(Mulder walks towards his window and looks through some of the blinds, he sees a van parked across the road, outside his apartment)

SCULLY: Did you hear what I said, because the bureau has it out for us already and it would make us appear pretty stupid if my field report, read like some tabloid story.

MULDER: Er, listen, I don't want to talk about it on this line. I'll, I'll talk to you about it, on the flight out, OK?

(Mulder hangs up)




SCENE 6
MARRIETTE FIELD
SOUTHWEST IDAHO
(Mulder knocks on the door of the house belonging to the woman we saw at the start. An aircraft flies passed and Mulder and Scully both turn around to try and see it. The door opens)

ANITA BUDAHAS: Hello?

(Mulder and Scully turn back around to face the Mrs. Budahas)

MULDER: Mrs. Budahas?

ANITA BUDAHAS: Yes.

(Mulder takes out his id and shows it to Mrs. Budahas)

MULDER: We're from the FBI.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Oh, yes, please, come in. (Mulder and Scully, enter the house, we see a picture of Lt. Col. Budahas hanging on the wall) I started noticing it about two years ago, m, Bob developed this rash under his arms. We'd been doing some renovations on the house, so that, we thought it was a reaction to the paint stripper. But then everything just, went crazy.

SCULLY: How do you mean?

(Mulder is looking at the photos of Lt. Col. Budahas)

ANITA BUDAHAS: Bob's whole personality, it was so unpredictable. He started, doing things.

MULDER: What kinds of things?

ANITA BUDAHAS: It was kind of embarassing at first, we were having this dinner party once, and, erm, he sprinkled tetra-meal D all other his food. (Scully, looks confused as she doesn't know what tetra-meal D is) That's fishfood flakes.

SCULLY: Did you ever talk to him about this?

ANITA BUDAHAS: I tried, i, it was extemely difficult, Bob would get so angry, he'd, yell at the kids for no reason, and, and then, and then he would shake, like he was having a, a seizure.

MULDER: Did he ever talk about his work?

ANITA BUDAHAS: It was never discussed, e, even before the problems. Oh, I knew that he worked on top secret projects, word gets around, but, Bob was always a patriot first. He took, loyalty to his country as an oath, and, and now they treat us like strangers. I just want my husband back.

SCULLY: You know that the government is not above the law. They cannot withhold information.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Th, then I think, what if he's... (Mrs. Budahas starts to cry a little) How would I support the family?

MULDER: Eeh, you said word gets around, I'm sorry, erm, have you ever heard of this, happening to anyone else?

ANITA BUDAHAS: Erm, yeah. Verla McLennen's husband, he went kinda crazy, but it's, it's not like he didn't get to come home.




SCENE 7
VERLA McLENNEN'S HOUSE
(We see the apparatus for preparing hooks for flyfishing being used. We then see a man, pull a small hair from his closely shaven head, he checks the hair and uses it on his hook)

SCULLY: How long has he been...

VERLA MCLENNEN: Almost two years, the flyfishing idea was his brother Hank's. I was upset at first, but when you're the wife of a test pilot, you thank God just to have him home alive.

MULDER: Mrs. McLennen, has anyone ever offered to explain what caused this?

VERLA MCLENNEN: Stress, I guess. You have to understand, the military deals with things in a certain way. They've given him plenty of therapy, and treatment, and I'm grateful for that. They've taken good care of us. And you know they do volunteer for their jobs. (Mrs. McLennen stands beside Mrs. Budahas) Really Anita, bringing the FBI to my house.

(We see the man, Mr. McLennen, he is still making his hooks)

(Back outside Mrs. Budahas' house. Mrs. Budahas gives a piece of paper to Scully)

ANITA BUDAHAS: Here, I've, erm, I've called all the numbers about a thousand times, please, let me know what you find out.

SCULLY: We'll be staying at the Beech Grove Motel if you anything, ok?

ANITA BUDAHAS: Thanks. (Mrs. Budahas walks towards her house, while Mulder and Scully walk away) C'mon kids.

MULDER: So what did you make of Uncle Fester down the block?

SCULLY: Mmm, it's called sterioptathy, it's a syndrome produced by extreme stress. POWs have been known to suffer from it, they've studied it in zoo animals.

MULDER: Yeah, but these guys aren't zoo animals, they're test pilots. They're not supposed to fold under pressure, they're supposed to thrive on it.

(Mulder and Scully are standing beside their car)

SCULLY: Ever hear of something called The Aurora Project?

(Mulder takes off his jacket and puts it in the car)

MULDER: Yeah, that's the, er, unacknowledged codename for some new kind of defence department, surveillance project.

SCULLY: The Pentagon has all but admitted, they've been testing a secret class of sub-orbital spy craft over the western US. Maybe, these guys are flying those planes. Maybe, these guys are the washouts.

MULDER: You saw the photos on the wall in there. This guy Budahas received a presidential commodation, he's never washed out of anything in his life.

(Mulder gets in the car, after a brief hesitation, Scully moves to the other side of the car)




SCENE 8
BEECH GROVE MOTEL
SCULLY'S ROOM
(We see Scully hang up the telephone, Mulder comes in holding up his cellular phone and sits on the bed)

MULDER: I've been on hold with the base director of communications for fourty-five minutes, how about you?

SCULLY: Yeah, somebody named Colonel Kissel will meet with us, a week from Friday.

MULDER: Yeah, right. (Mulder lifts up a telephone directory) Did you say Kissel?




SCENE 9
(We see a car drive down a road and into a driveway. Mulder and Scully are sitting in their car opposite the house in which the car just pulled into. They get out of the car and walk towards the man who just got out of the car)
MULDER: Colonel Kissel?

COLONEL KISSEL: Yes.

MULDER: Can I talk with you? Special Agent Mulder, FBI.

COLONEL KISSEL: I've got nothing to say. Please, this is an invasion of my privacy.

MULDER: Why don't you talk to us about Colonel Budahas?

COLONEL KISSEL: Why don't you get the hell out of my yard.

(Colonel Kissel enters his house and shuts the door)

SCULLY: Good thing we still kept that appointment.

(Mulder and Scully turn around when they hear a man greeting them and walking up the driveway towards them)

PAUL MOSSINGER: Hi. Are you the FBI agents? I'm Paul Mossinger, I, er, work for the local paper. We live a few houses down from Verla McLennen, she said you guys are out here looking into this Budahas thing.

MULDER: We're just looking around.

(Mulder and Scully, walk out of the drive, away from the man)

PAUL MOSSINGER: Aah, gotcha, right. Lot of people around here just looking around, UFO nuts mostly, but it's not everyday we get FBI. (Another aircraft flies overhead and they all stop to look) By the time you hear them, they're already gone. So this Budahas thing, are you getting anywhere?

MULDER: We're not at liberty to comment.

PAUL MOSSINGER: Well...

MULDER: Paul? Right? You've lived in this area a while, you ever seen a UFO?

PAUL MOSSINGER: Never, bunch of hoo-ey if you ask me. People see what they wanna see.

MULDER: But, if I wanted to talk to those UFO nuts, that you refered to earlier, where would I go?




SCENE 10
FLYING SAUCER DINER
(Another aircraft flies overhead, the glasses on the shelves of the diner all shake)

ZOE: F-15 Eagle pulling about four g's. Those boys think they are such hotshots. Get a few
drinks in `em, you'd think it was them up there flapping their wings.

(Mulder laughs)

MULDER: Who's the photographer?

(Mulder is refering to several photos atached to the shelves, photos of UFOs)

ZOE: Various and sundry. I took the one on the end there.

(The photo is of a large triangular shaped craft in the air)

MULDER: You're kidding, where?

ZOE: Out on the back porch, taking out the garbage, and there it was, just hovering. (Zoe takes
the photo down and shows it to Mulder) Quiet like a hummingbird. For a minute there, I
thought it was gonna land in the parking lot and I was gonna have to serve `em lunch.
(Scully takes the photo from Mulder and looks at it) I'm selling limited edition prints, twenty
dollars. Down to my last five, if you're interested.

MULDER: Put it on my tab.

(Scully leans over to Mulder)

SCULLY: Sucker.

MULDER: What would the chances be, of someone like me, seeing a UFO?

SCULLY: Catch ye outside.

(Outside the diner, Scully is looking at a map, Mulder comes out)

SCULLY: Wanna see something weird, Mulder? Ellens Air Base isn't even on my US GS quadrant map.

MULDER: I know. Let's go.

SCULLY: You know. Where are we going?

MULDER: We got our own map, sucker.

(Mulder gives Scully a piece of paper with a roughly drawn map on it)




SCENE 11
OUTSIDE ELLENS AIR BASE
6:04 p.m.
(Mulder and Scully, drive off the main road and up a hill. At The bottom of the hill is a sign saying:

WARNING: THIS AREA IS A RESTRICTED MILITARY INSTALLATION TO THE WEST.

At the top of the sign is a symbol indicating no cameras. Mulder stops the car further up the road beside a fence. He gets out goes to the boot and gets a pair of binoculars)

SCULLY: What do you honestly hope to see?

MULDER: I don't know, maybe nothing.

SCULLY: Is this why we came out here, Mulder? To look for UFOs. (Mulder is walking up a grassy embankment) Yea, this is gonna look real good on my field report.

(It is night time and Scully is sleeping in the car. Suddenly the car starts shaking, Scully begins to rouse and is shocked awake by the sound of the rear window shattering)

SCULLY: Aaaaaah!

(Mulder comes running down the embankment)

MULDER: Scully, wake up. You've gotta see this.

(Mulder opens the car door and pulls Scully up the embankment)

SCULLY: Unnh!





9:13 p.m.
(Mulder and Scully see two small lights flying through the sky in the distance)

SCULLY: What are they?

MULDER: I don't know, just keep watching it's unbelievable.

SCULLY: That's unreal. I've never seen anything like it.

MULDER: They've been going at it like that for almost half an hour.

SCULLY: Well, it can't be aircraft. Aircraft can't manoeuvre like that.

MULDER: What else could they be?

SCULLY: I don't know, lasers maybe. Being shot from the ground, reflecting up off the clouds. (The two lights fly up through the clouds and disappear. Scully turns to face Mulder, her expression is one of amazement) Oh my God.

(Another bright light appears in the distance)

MULDER: Here comes another one.

SCULLY: That's not a plane, that's a helicopter.

(Mulder and Scully hear noises from the botton of the embankment, we see a guy and a girl coming through the fence and past a bush)

MULDER: Hey.

EMIL: Let's get outta here. (The young couple run off, Mulder and Scully chase after them across
a field. Mulder draws his gun, the guy notices it and both he and the girl stop and raise
their hands) Ok, don't shoot.

MULDER: Stay right there.

LADONNA: We didn't do anything.

(They all look up at the helicopter as it's search light gets closer to them)

MULDER: Come on.

(They all hide under the cover of a tree)

EMIL: Heh, heh, That was extreme.

MULDER: Let's go, you're coming with us.

EMIL: What?




SCENE 12
5:02 a.m.
(Inside another diner, the two kids are sitting eating away, while Mulder and Scully are sitting on the other side of the table)

SCULLY: So, what exactly were you guys doing in there?

EMIL: We were, erm, we're...

(Emil and the Ladonna laugh)

LADONNA: We kinda have this spot.

EMIL: You know, we go, we kinda, kick back and listen to some tunes and, er, watch the air show.

MULDER: Were you ever chased out before?

EMIL: No, first time right. Our friend showed us a hole in the fence about a year ago.

LADONNA: Oh, one time they dropped these bombs, wooah!

EMIL: Yeah, it was kinda heavy. (he laughs) Oh, ar, there's this place, ar, called the Yellow Base,
right, where they're supposed to store all this stuff. And my friend said that, there's
landmines all around it and junk like that.

(Outside the diner, a car pulls up and stops when the driver, Paul Mossinger, has Mulder and Scully in sight. He talks into a walkie-talkie)

PAUL MOSSINGER: I've got a twenty, over.

WALKIE-TALKIE: Roger, Redbird, assume fall back position, we're opening the gate.

PAUL MOSSINGER: Redbird out.

(Back inside the diner, Emil is demostrating, with a hamburger, how the lights sometimes fly)

EMIL: Sometimes they come in real low, and just put on the scares right, it's like eeoou-ra and
then they just hang there, and hover without making a sound. And you just think, you
know, who turned down the volume right.

MULDER: What do you think they are?

EMIL: Ok, everybody thinks that they're like UFOs, but I think it's some kinda, star wars cyber-
tech new fangled hardware right, they probably roll it out for, desert storm II or something
like that. Cruise right over Saddam's house, you know, it'll be like, what.

(He laughs. Then Mulder pulls out the photo, of the UFO, he bought at the Flying Saucer diner)

MULDER: Do they look anything like this?

EMIL: No, (Mulder's expression saddens a little) they look exactly like that.

(Mulder lifts Emil's mo-ped out of the trunk of his car and puts in on the ground)

EMIL: Thanks.

MULDER: Later Dude!

(Emil laughs and he and Ladonna walk up a driveway pushing the mo-ped. Mulder gets back into the car and takes a tape out of his shirt pocket)




SCENE 13
SCULLY: What's that?

MULDER: Evidence. (Mulder puts the tape in the stereo and the sound of heavy metal guitar music fills the car. Scully turns it off) Kids today, huh.

SCULLY: You believe it all, don't you?

MULDER: Why wouldn't I?

(Scully has a great big smile across her face, almost laughing)

SCULLY: Mulder, did you see their eyes? If I were that stoned I...

MULDER: Ho-hoo. If you were that stoned, what.

SCULLY: Mulder, you could have shown that kid a picture of a flying hamburger and he would have told you that's exactly what he saw.

MULDER: Alright, I wanna show you something. (Mulder reaches into the back seat of the car and lifts a folder, he opens it and takes out a photo, which he gives to Scully) This is a photo, of a UFO that reportedly crashed in Roswell, New Mexico in 1947. Now I know, you don't believe that story but just hear me out. Now, Ellens Air Base, the same base that we're at right now, the same base, that for some strange reason, doesn't appear on your US government map, is supposedly, one of the six sites where parts from the wreckage were shipped.

SCULLY: Mulder, are you suggesting that the military is flying UFOs.

MULDER: No, planes built, using UFO technology.

(Scully smiles again at Mulder's total belief in UFOs, which she does not believe at all. Mulder gives Scully the photo from the diner)

SCULLY: Mulder, c'mon. You've got two blurry photos, one of them taken almost fifty years ago, and another one, you purchased today in a roadside diner. You're going out on a pretty big limb.

MULDER: Tell me, there isn't a remarkable resemblance.

SCULLY: Tell me, one good reason why either of these photos is authentic.

MULDER: You saw exactly what I saw in the sky tonight. What do you think they were?

SCULLY: Just because I can't explain it, doesn't mean I'm gonna believe they were UFOs.

MULDER: Unidentified Flying Objects, I think that fits the description pretty well. Tell me I'm crazy.

SCULLY: Mulder, you're crazy. (Mulder chuckles) And it still doesn't explain to me, what happened to Colonel Budahas.




SCENE 14
BEECH GROVE MOTEL
(We see the reception office of the Beech Grove Motel, Scully is standing in it)

SCULLY: Thanks.

WOMAN: You're welcome.

(Scully comes running from the reception to Mulder's room. Mulder sees her running towards his room and gets up opens the door)

MULDER: You didn't come to raid my mini-bar, did ye?

SCULLY: You ready for this.

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: We got a message from Mrs. Budahas, her husband came home last night.




SCENE 15
(Mulder and Scully drive to Mrs. Budahas' home. Mrs. Budahas opens the door)
SCULLY: We got your message.

(Mrs. Budahas is crying)

MULDER: Mrs. Budahas, are you ok?

ANITA BUDAHAS: C,come inside.

SCULLY: What is it?

MULDER: What? What's wrong?

(We see a man, who looks like Lt. Col. Robert Budahas, painting a model of an airplane)

ANITA BUDAHAS: That, is not my husband.

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: Honey, who are these people?

(Mulder looks at the photo of Lt. Col. Budahas, on the wall)

ANITA BUDAHAS: That is not him. That is not my husband. They've done something to him.

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: What are you talking about?

MULDER: It's ok, it's ok, just relax, wel, I'm Special Agent Mulder, from the FBI. We're out here investigating your disappearance Colonel Budahas. Wondering if you have any explanation of your whereabouts over the past four months.

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: I was in the hospital.

MULDER: Here, on base?

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: I think so.

MULDER: Colonel Budahas, do you mind if I ask you your birthdate?

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: November 21st, 1948.

(Mulder looks at Mrs. Budahas for confirmation, she nods her head)

MULDER: And the names of your kids?

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: Josh and Lesley, they're right there.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Yeah.

(Mulder notices the shirt Col. Budahas is wearing says Green Bay)

MULDER: Green Bay fan.

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: Yes sir.

MULDER: Bet you remember the Superbowl of 68, huh? Don Shandler.

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: Kicked four field goals, Lombardy's last game. Why do I have to answer these questions?

ANITA BUDAHAS: It's not him.

MULDER: Colonel, Colonel Budahas, you're a, a pilot, isn't that right?

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: Yes sir.

MULDER: Bet you've flown just about everything with two wings. I got this hotshot pilot friend, who said that he could do Immelmann at a sustained eight g's, huh, is that possible?

LT. COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: I, I don't... I can't... Anita, I can't remember.

(Col. Budahas gets up to go to Mrs. Budahas, but she backs off, scared and crying)

ANITA BUDAHAS: No.

(Mulder and Scully leave the house)




SCENE 16
SCULLY: Mulder, would you explain to me what's going on.

MULDER: I think they re-wired that man's brain. Some kind of selective memory drain.

SCULLY: The brain doesn't work like that, Mulder. You can't just go in and erase certain files.

MULDER: Then you explain it to me.

SCULLY: There are types of amnesia th..

MULDER: This is not amnesia, I think it's something far more deliberate and insidious.

SCULLY: All I'm saying, is that the science or medical technology to do what you are suggesting, does not exist.

MULDER: And neither does the technology to fly the aircraft we saw last night. Listen to me Scully, they can do this. That man, he should have known the answer to the question, it just wasn't in his head anymore.

(Mulder and Scully are driving along a road)

SCULLY: Even if they could, why would they do such a thing?

MULDER: To control information. I think that after his psychotic episode, Colonel Budahas became a security risk.

SCULLY: It couldn't just be that he had a nervous breakdown with a concomitant memory lapse?

MULDER: No, I think that men like Colonel Budahas are physiologically incapable of dealing with the stress of flying the aircraft we saw. Or doing those manoeuvres, at those speeds. I mean we're talking about a technology that is so sensitive and advanced, that it's taken almost fifty years to make it work. UFO technology, Scully.

(Scully smiles again, but this time she also gives a little laugh. Ahead two cars are approaching fast, the two cars cover both sides of the road, one slightly infront of the other)

SCULLY: What the hell is th..

MULDER: Hold on.

(Mulder slams on the brakes. The other two cars turn and stop sideways, blocking the road infront and behind Mulder and Scully. Groups of men wearing suits get out of both cars. One man approaches Mulder's side of the car and knocks on the window)

MAN: Please, step out of the car.

MULDER: You think if maybe we ignore him, he'll go away?

(The man knocks on the window again)

MAN: Please, step out of the car.

MULDER: Guess not. (Mulder gets out of the car) Special Agent Mulder, FBI.

(As he reaches for his id, another man pushes him up against the car and searches him. Scully gets out of the car)

SCULLY: Federal Agents.

(Scully is also searched, as is the car. The glove compartment is checked and Mulder's file containing the photos from Roswell. The magazine in Mulder's gun is removed and the gun is put on top of the car. The same is done with Scully's gun. One of the men opens the trunk and gets Mulder's camera, he opens it and pulls out the film, exposing it all to the light. Scully's briefcase is emptied of it's contents)

MULDER: You wanna tell me what this is about.

(A man punches Mulder in the ribs)

MAN: National security. Now get in your car. You'll be escorted back to your motel. You will pack
and leave town immediately, or assume the consequences of intense indiscretion.




SCENE 17
(Back at their motel, Scully is walking round her room, talking on the phone)
SCULLY: Nothing under Idaho plate CC1356, no plate registered under that number. Thanks Gayle, no no no, I'm sure the other one's bogus too, bye. (Mulder is lying on the bed) So who were those guys?

MULDER: I don't think it was those kids they were chasing away from the base last night, I think it was us. They knew we were coming before we ever arrived. And they returned Colonel Budahas as a decoy. There's something I didn't tell you, Scully.

SCULLY: Something else.

MULDER: I was approached by a man in D.C. who warned me to stay away from this case, he didn't give me his name, and my phone was being tapped.

SCULLY: What!

MULDER: Why would they go to all this trouble? Out of a need for security. Security of what? I think there's a huge conspiracy here Scully. They've got a UFO here, I'm sure of it. And they'll do anything to keep it a secret, including sacrificing lives and minds of those pilots, because what if that secret got out.

SCULLY: If, if that were true, it would be a national scandal.

MULDER: No no, you're not thinking big enough, if it were true, it would be confirmation of the existence of extra terrestrial life.

SCULLY: Did you ever stop to think that what we saw was simply an experimental plane. Like the stealth bomber or, this Aurora Project. Doesn't the government have a right and a responsibility, to protect it's secrets?

MULDER: Yes, but at what cost, when does the human cost become too high for the building of a better machine?

SCULLY: Look, these are questions we have no business asking. Our kidnap victim is no longer outstanding. Let's get out of here Mulder, while you still have a job.

(Mulder picks up the photo from the diner and holds it in front of Scully)

MULDER: Aren't you even curious? (Scully takes the photo from Mulder and sits down) Aaerm, I gonna shower, I'll pack and then, we'll get outta here.

(Mulder leaves the room, Scully is pleased that Mulder is agreeing with her to leave. Scully gets up and walks towards the bathroom, from outside she hears the sound of their car starting. She runs outside)

SCULLY: Mulder, where are you going?

(Mulder drives off)




SCENE 18
(Emil and Ladonna show Mulder the hole in the fence at the air base)

EMIL: Right here.

(Mulder climbs through the hole)

MULDER: Hey, aren't you guys coming?

EMIL: No, we're, you know, we've only gone in at night.

MULDER: Ok, this spot you told me about where you watch the air show, how far is it?

EMIL: Fourty-five minutes.

MULDER: Will I be able to find it?

LADONNA: Just stay on the path.

MULDER: And what about this other place you told me about, Yellow Base, where they hangar them.

EMIL: Don't, don't even, it's like ten miles, nobody's ever, nobody's ever been that far.

LADONNA: Hey, don't go past the edge of the tall weeds.

EMIL: Oh man, did we tell him about the, landmines and junk? HEY!

(Mulder walks to the edge of the tall weeds, he checks his watch and sits and waits until nightfall. He then leaves the tall weeds and walks towards Yellow Base. As he stands on the concrete ground, he notices a single light coming towards him. It is a triangular shaped aircraft, with lights at every point, which hovers above him. Several lights, on the underside of the aricraft, flicker on Mulder and he has to hold his hand in front of his eyes as the light becomes a beam surrounding him. After a few seconds, the light around Mulder disappears and the aircraft flies off at a great speed)




SCENE 19
(Behind Mulder, two vehicles approach, Mulder turns and sees them coming and starts running along the road. One vehicle stops in front of Mulder and the other behind him, several military officers jump out of the vehicles and tackle Mulder to the ground. Mulder is then lifted onto a stretcher and strapped down and put inside one of the vehicles)

VOICE: Go, go.

(Inside the van, Mulder is held down and he sees someone holding up a syringe and testing the contains are getting through the needle on the end)

MULDER: Nooo.

(Mulder is injected with the substance of the syringe)

VOICE: C'mon. Hold `im. Oxygen.

(An oxygen mask is put over Mulder's face)




SCENE 20
6:30 a.m.
(Scully is talking on the phone in her room at the Beech Grove motel)

SCULLY: Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to make a call to Washington D.C. an, and I can't seem to get a long distance line. (Her phone suddenly goes dead) Hello? Hello? (Scully puts the phone down beside her holstered gun and goes over to the motel reception office) Excuse me. Erm, my phone's not working, can I use yours to make a credit card call, please?

MOTEL MANAGER: Sure thing.

SCULLY: This one's not working either.

MOTEL MANAGER: Phones are pretty undependable around here. People say it's the military interference, but, they say that about everything.

SCULLY: Thanks.




SCENE 21
(We see two hangar doors open and the van Mulder is in reverses in. The van comes to a stop and Mulder is taken out, still strapped to the stretcher. Mulder is barely conscious and sees the lights above him. As he looks around him , he sees men in white coats everywhere on one side of him and, some sort of aircraft behind a plastic curtain, on the other side)



SCENE 22
(Scully is walking back to her room when she notices Paul Mossinger coming out of her room, she reaches behind her for her gun, but it's still in her room)
PAUL MOSSINGER: Hi, I was just looking for you. I knocked, but I saw the door was open.

SCULLY: I was in the lobby trying to make a call.

PAUL MOSSINGER: Phones down again.

SCULLY: Yeah.

WALKIE-TALKIE: Base to redbird, can you give us your position, over? (Scully looks over at Paul's car as she hears the walkie-talkie, she looks back at Paul and smiles before running and getting into his car and locking the doors) Redbird do you copy?

PAUL MOSSINGER: What are you doing? (Scully reaches for the ignition but finds no key, she looks under the sun visors but finds nothing. Paul taps the window with the car key) Excuse me. (Scully reaches for the glove compartment) There's nothing in there.

(As she opens it, she finds a gun and Paul's ID: Airbase Security. Paul smashes the passenger's window with a fire extinguisher and Scully drops the gun while covering herself from the glass. Paul reaches in for Scully but she manages to push her thumb in his eye. He then goes around to the driver's door but Scully gets out and holds the gun to his face)

SCULLY: Get on the car. Hands on the car, do it.

PAUL MOSSINGER: Put the gun down, and we'll talk about it.

(Emil and Ladonna come riding up on the mo-ped. Scully pushes Paul to the car and holds the gun at his back)

SCULLY: I said, hands against the car. Who are you?

PAUL MOSSINGER: You're a long way from home, Dr. Scully. Nobody wants this to come to violence now.

SCULLY: Where's Mulder?

EMIL: We took `im to the base.

LADONNA: We waited for `im.

SCULLY: I want you to get on that walkie-talkie and find out where Mulder is.

PAUL MOSSINGER: I don't think I can do that.

SCULLY: I think you can, or I'm gonna have every newspaper in America out here, writing about your experimental aircraft.

(A light is turned on, which shines brightly. We see a doctor come into view below the light, he looks into Mulder's eye. Mulder in strapped down to a medical table now, and Mulder looks around, but without moving his head. Another oxygen mask is put over Mulder's face and the doctor puts drops into Mulder's eyes)

(Paul Mossinger is driving his car, Scully is in the back holding the gun at him)

PAUL MOSSINGER: There are other ways to go about this.

SCULLY: Yeah, I've already seen where you get with tears and a sad story.

(The car approaches the gates to Yellow Base and stops, Paul turns off the engine. One of the guards on the gate is listening to a walkie- talkie)

WALKIE-TALKIE: Your target is arriving 12.

GUARD: Roger.

SCULLY: What are we doing?

PAUL MOSSINGER: Waiting.

SCULLY: I want the car running. I said start the car. (Paul starts the car) And put your hands on the wheel, where I can see them.

PAUL MOSSINGER: You do anything stupid, and this situation could get big in a hurry.

SCULLY: Yeah, you just keep telling yourself that.

WALKIE-TALKIE: Intruder arriving.

GUARD: Copy.

(A jeep is approaching the gate from the inside of the base, the guards open the gate. The jeep comes to a stop as it reaches the gate. Mulder steps out and walks towards the other car)

SCULLY: I want you to keep the car running, and step out of the car. (Both Paul and Scully get out of the car, Scully keeps the gun pointed at Paul as she moves around the car and behind him) Get in the car Mulder. Get in the car.

(Mulder walks, very slowly towards the car, Paul walks towards the jeep. As they pass, Paul stops and turns to Mulder)

PAUL MOSSINGER: I just wanna say, everything you've seen here is equal to the protection we give it. It's you who have acted inappropriately.

(Both men continue to walk towards the vehicle in front of them. Scully gets in the car, followed by Mulder. As soon as Mulder is in, Scully drives off, quickly)

(Scully is driving the car back to town)

SCULLY: You ok Mulder?

MULDER: I think so. Scully I...

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: How did I get here?




SCENE 23
(Mrs. Budahas opens the door to her house, but only enough so that she can stand in facing Mulder and Scully)
MULDER: Hi.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Hello.

MULDER: We came by to see how your husband was doing.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Oooh, he's fine, he's getting much better now.

MULDER: Do you think, maybe, we could see him.

ANITA BUDAHAS: Aaerm, wel, well he's resting now.

LT COLONEL ROBERT BUDAHAS: Who is it now?

ANITA BUDAHAS: Thank you for your concern.

(She closes the door)

MULDER: They got to her Scully. They were here, they must have threatened her and Budahas..

SCULLY: That's enough Mulder. We don't know anything. Anything more than when we got here, and that's what I gonna write in my field report. Let's get outta here Mulder, as fast as we can.




SCENE 24
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON D.C.
ONE WEEK LATER
(Scully is typing up her field report, we hear the words as Scully types them)

Lt Colonel Robert Budahas, was returned to his home, although his own knowledge of his disappearance and whereabouts is vague and inconclusive. Special Agent Mulder's insistence that Budahas may have been a test pilot, on a top secret project involving aircraft using recovered UFO technology, and may have suffered severe stress related trauma by flying these aircraft, is also inconclusive. Though, this Agent can collaborate Agent Mulder's eye-witness account of two
unidentified flying objects, in the northern sky over Ellens Air Base, their exact nature or design could not be determined. Barring further authorised inquiry, this case - filed `DF101364' - is closed .

(Scully lifts up the photo of the UFO that Mulder bought at the diner and sits looking at it)




SCENE 25
(Mulder is running around a sports track, he stops and takes a rest before noticing Deep Throat approaching. Mulder walks towards him, meeting him halfway across the field)
DEEP THROAT: Your lives, may be in danger.

MULDER: Why?

DEEP THROAT: Mmm, you've seen things that weren't to be seen. Care and discretion, are now imperative.

MULDER: I saw something I...

DEEP THROAT: As I said, I can provide you with information, but only so long as it's in my best interest to do so.

MULDER: What is your interest?

DEEP THROAT: The truth.

MULDER: I did see something, but it's gone, they took it from me, they erased it. You have to tell me what it was.

DEEP THROAT: A military UFO? Mr. Mulder, why are those like yourself, who believe in the existence of extra terrestrial life on this earth, not dissuaded by all the evidence to the contrary?

MULDER: Because, all the evidence to the contrary, is not entirely dissuasive.

DEEP THROAT: Precisely.

(Deep Throat walks away)

MULDER: They're here, aren't they?

(Deep Throat stops and turns to face Mulder)

DEEP THROAT: Mr. Mulder, they've been here for a long long time.

(Deep Throat continues to walk away, leaving Mulder standing by himself)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
BALTIMORE, MD
(The camera pans over the city to an overhead view of a man leaving a restaurant. The man, dressed in a suit, walks along the street. The view changes to show a drain on the sidewalk. The scene with the man suddenly fades to black and white with only the man staying in color. The camera moves closer to th drain and a shape can be seen within it. The man stands opening the trunk of a car, as the shape in the drain gets closer, we see it is a pair of eyes)

(Next we see the man stepping out of an elevator, from a security monitor, the camera pans right to show the man walking away from the elevators and passed some offices. The elevator doors open but the elevator is not there. The cables in the shaft are shaking. A desklight is turned on inside an office and the man sits down, picks up the phone and dials a number)

MRS. USHER: Hi, you're reached the Usher residence, please leave a message at the tone, thank you.

(The man picks up, and shakes an ornamental snowstorm)

MR USHER: Hi honey, it's about 8:30 and erm, I'm gonna be here for a while. The presentation didn't go so well, call me, I love you, bye.

(The man, Mr. Usher, then lifts up a mug from his desk and leaves his office. Meanwhile, we see a narrow ventilation shaft, one of the screws, on the cover, seems to unscrewing itself, and then the cover opens. The man pours himself a cup of coffee, a hand emerges from the shaft. The man walks back to his office, as he enters, the door suddenly slams shut. There are screams and the door handle moves up and down as the man tries desperately to get out of the office. Part of the door suddenly breaks outwards in the struggle and then the struggle is over)

(Inside the office, blood is dripping onto the carpet, the desk is scattered with papers also covered in blood. In a reflection, from an object on the desk, we see the man lying dead, blood covering his face. The cover of the shaft is pulled closed and the screw, rescrews itself in place)




SCENE 2
WASHINGTON, D.C.
TOM COLTON: Guess who I ran into from our class at Quantico? Marty Neill.

(Tom Colton is sitting having lunch with Dana Scully, in a restaurant)

SCULLY: J. Edgar Jr?

TOM COLTON: Just got bumped up, Foreign Counter Intelligence, New York City Bureau, Supervisory, Special Agent.

SCULLY: Supervisory?

TOM COLTON: That's right.

SCULLY: Two years out of the academy, how'd he land that?

TOM COLTON: Lucked into the World Trade Center bombing.

SCULLY: Well, good for Marty.

TOM COLTON: Oh, come on Dana, the guy is a loser, look where he is now. That's where we should be.

SCULLY: Brad Wilson told me, the pyshological profile you wrote on the Washington Crossing Killer led them straight to the suspect. Word has it, you're on the Violent Crime Section's fast track.

TOM COLTON: So how are you doing? Have you had any close encounters of the third kind?

SCULLY: Is that what everyone thinks I do?

TOM COLTON: No, of course not. But you do work with Spooky Mulder.

SCULLY: Mulder's ideas maybe a bit out there but he is a great agent.

TOM COLTON: Yeah, well, I've got this case that's, out there. Baltimore PD cops, they want our help on a serial killer profile. Three murders began six weeks ago, victims vary in age, race, gender, no known connections to each other.

SCULLY: I take it there's a pattern?

TOM COLTON: Point of entry. Actually, the lack of one.

SCULLY: What do you mean?

TOM COLTON: One victim, college girl, killed in her ten by twelve center block dorm room. She was found with the windows locked and the door chained from the inside. The last incident, two days ago, high security office building, nothing on the security monitors, janitor spoke to the victim minutes before the murder, didn't hear or see a thing out of the ordinary.

SCULLY: Suicides?

(Tom picks up a photo from beside him and gives it to Scully)

TOM COLTON: Each victim was found with their liver, ripped out. No cutting tools used.

SCULLY: Bare hands. This looks like an X-file.

TOM COLTON: Let's not get carried away. I'm gonna solve these murders but, what I would like from you is, to go over the case histories. Maybe, come down to the crime scene.

SCULLY: Do you want me to ask Mulder?

TOM COLTON: Ok, if he wants to come and do you a favor, great. But make sure he knows this is my case. Dana, if I can break a case like this one, I'll be getting my bump up the ladder. And you, maybe you won't have to be Mrs. Spooky anymore.




SCENE 3
CRIME SCENE
GEORGE USHER'S OFFICE
BALTIMORE, MD
(Mulder and Scully are standing in Usher's office)

MULDER: So why didn't they ask me?

SCULLY: They're friends of mine from the academy, I'm sure they just felt more comfortable talking to me.

MULDER: Why would I make them so uncomfortable?

SCULLY: It probably has to do with your reputation.

MULDER: Reputation? I have a reputation?

SCULLY: Mulder, look. Colton plays by the book and you don't. They feel your methods, your theories are...

MULDER: Spooky? Do you think I'm spooky?

VOICE: Agent Scully's in here sir.

(Tom enters)

TOM COLTON: Dana, sorry I'm late.

SCULLY: We just got here. Er, Fox Mulder, Tom Colton.

TOM COLTON: So, Mulder, what do you think, does this look like the work of little green men?

MULDER: Grey.

TOM COLTON: Excuse me.

MULDER: Grey. You said green men, a Reticulan skin tone is actually grey, they're notorious for their extraction of terrestrial human livers. Due to iron depletion in the Reticulan galaxy.

TOM COLTON: You can't be serious.

MULDER: Do you have any idea what liver and onions go for on Reticula? `scuse me.

(Mulder walks off to look around the office, Tom can be heard talking to Scully in the background, Mulder looks down as he sees something)

TOM COLTON: Dana, I've been thinking about this and I have a theory, might explain alot, tell me what you think.

(Mulder bends down to pick up, using tweezers, what looks like a piece of metal thread)

What if the guy enters...

(Mulder looks at the thread and then looks up and sees the cover to the ventialtion shaft)

Hold on a second. What in the hell's he doing?

(Mulder lifts up a small brush and dusts around the cover)

Err, that vent is six inches by about eighteen, even if a Reticulan could crawl through, it's screwed in place.

(Mulder has revealed an elongated fingerprint)




SCENE 4
X-FILES OFFICE
(Mulder has several slides on a lightbox showing fingerprints)

MULDER: This is the print I took yesterday from Usher's office, these others are from an X-file. Ten murders, Baltimore area, undetermined points of entry, each victim had their liver removed. These prints were discovered at five of the ten crime scenes.

SCULLY: Ten murders, Colton never mentioned..

MULDER: Most likely, he's not aware of them. These two prints were lifted five years before he was born at Powhatan Mill. And these three were lifted probably, five years before his mother was even born.

SCULLY: Are you saying, these prints are from the 1960's and the 1930's?

MULDER: And fingerprinting was just coming into it's own in 1903, but there was a murder involving an extracted liver.

SCULLY: Of course.

(Scully wheels her chair away from the table and stands up)

MULDER: Now that's five murders every thirty years. That makes two more to go this year.

SCULLY: You're saying these are copy-cats.

MULDER: What did we learn in our first day at the academy, Scully? Each fingerprint is unique, these are a perfect match.

SCULLY: Are you suggesting that I go before the Violent Crime Section and present a profile declaring that these murders were done by aliens?

MULDER: No, of course not, I find no evidence of alien involvement.

SCULLY: Well, what then? That, that this is the work of a hundred year old serial killer who is capable of overpowering a healthy six foot two businessman.

MULDER: And he should stick out in a crowd with ten inch fingers.

SCULLY: Look, bottom line, this is Colton's case.

(Mulder get up and stands beside Scully)

MULDER: Our X-file dates back to 1903, we had it first.

SCULLY: Mulder, they don't want you involved. They don't want to hear your theories. That's why Blevins has you hidden away down here.

MULDER: You're down here too. Look, why don't we agree to this, they'll have their investigation, we'll have ours and never the twain shall meet. Agreed?




SCENE 5
SCULLY'S APARTMENT
(Scully is typing up her report from a tape recording of her views)

After a careful review of the violent and powerful nature of these murders, I believe the killer to be a male, twenty-five to thirty-five years of age, with above average intelligence.

(We see the blueprints of a building, probably of the floor where George Usher worked)

His matter of entry has so far been undetectable, this may be due to his superior knowledge of the inner-structure of buildings and duct works. Or that he in fact hides in plain sight, posing as delivery or maintenace workers.

(Scully lifts up a slide of an elongated fingerprint and looks at it)

The extraction of the liver is the most significant detail of these crimes. The liver possesses regenerative qualities, it cleanses the blood,

(Scully's report continues but now she is telling it to Tom Colton and his superiors in a meeting)

the taking of this trophy is the transferring act for the killer to, cleanse himself of his own impurities. I think he is acting under, the classic form of obsessive compulsive behaviour. Now since the victims are unrelated, and we cannot predict who will be next, we must utilise the fact that a killer will not always succeed in finding a victim. When this occurs, a serial killer may, return in frustration to the sight of a previous murder, hoping to, recapture the emotional high. I think our best course of action is to target these sights.

FULLER: Good job, Agent Scully. If there are no objections, I'd like to begin our stakeouts of the murder sites tonight. We're looking for a male, twenty-five to thirty-five, possibly wearing a uniform, gas company, UPS, whatever. I know you're assigned to another area Scully, but if you don't mind some overtime, you're welcome to come aboard with us, on this. Erm, that is if you don't mind working in an area that's a bit more down-to-earth.




SCENE 6
CRIME SCENE
7:15 P.M.
(Scully is sitting in a car on a floor of the building's car park)

WALKIE-TALKIE: Position ten, do you check?

SCULLY: Position ten, I copy.

(Scully hears noises and gets out of the car and removes her gun. She walks forward to a wall and we hear the sound of someone running. As a man jumps through a large circular hole in the wall, Scully points her gun at him. It's Mulder, who stops and raises his hands)

MULDER: You wouldn't shoot an unarmed man, would ya copper?

(Scully walks back to her car)

SCULLY: Mulder, what the hell are you doing here?

MULDER: He's not coming back here, his thrill is derived from the challenge of unseemingly impossible entry. He's already beaten this place, if you'd read the X-file on the case, you'd come to the same conclusion.

SCULLY: Mulder, you are jeopardising my stakeout.

MULDER: Seeds?

(Mulder holds up a bag he is carrying)

You're wasting your time, I'm going home.

(Mulder leaves and Scully gets back into the car. As Mulder is walking away he hears some noises, he stands behind a pillar but sees no one. He walks towards a caged off area of the car park and sees movement inside a ventilation duct. Mulder runs back to Scully)

Scully, call for backup and get over here.

SCULLY: Position ten requesting backup.

(Scully gets out of the car and runs over to Mulder, who is standing at a wall looking at the area with the ventilation ducts)

MULDER: In there.

(Mulder and Scully run over to the cage, and seeing the movement for herself, Scully points her gun at the duct)

SCULLY: Federal Agent, I'm armed. Proceed down the vent, slowly.

(A foot kicks open the duct hatch and a man exits, he slowly stands up and turns around holding his hands up. Several agents come running to the scene)

TOM COLTON: Take `im.

AGENT: Alright, move, move, move.

AGENT 2: FBI.

AGENT: Don't move, don't move, get your hands up, keep `em up.

AGENT 2: You're under arrest. You have the right to remain silent..

MULDER: You were right.

(In the background we can hear an agent reading the man his rights)




SCENE 7
FBI BUREAU
BALTIMORE, MD
(The man arrested is taking a polygraph test, the examiner is marking the parts of the printout that are the man's answers)

EXAMINER: Is your full name, Eugene Victor Tooms?

EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.

EXAMINER: Are you a resident of the state of Maryland?

EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.

EXAMINER: Are you an employee of the Baltimore Municipal Animal Control?

EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.

EXAMINER: Is it your intent to lie to me about anything here, today?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Were you ever enrolled in college?

(We see that the test is being watched from another room through a two way mirror)

EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.

EXAMINER: Were you ever enrolled in medical school?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

(Watching the test is, Agents Mulder, Scully, Colton, Fuller and a guard)

EXAMINER: Have you ever removed a liver from a human being?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Have you ever killed a living creature?

EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.

EXAMINER: Have you ever killed a human being?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Were you ever in George Usher's office?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Did you kill George Usher?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Are you over one hundred years old?

TOM COLTON: That must be a control question.

MULDER: I had her ask it.

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Have you ever been to Powhatan Mill?

EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.

EXAMINER: In 1933?

EUGENE TOOMS: No.

EXAMINER: Are you afraid you might fail this test?

EUGENE TOOMS: Well, yes, because I didn't do anything.

(The test is over and now the examiner and the agents are discussing the results in the test room)

EXAMINER: He nailed it, A plus, as far as I'm concerned, the subject did not kill those two people.

(Mulder gets up and checks the results himself. Fuller comes in.)

FULLER: Maintenance people at the office building, confirm the call to animal control regarding a bad smell. They found a dead cat, in the ventilation ducts on the second floor.

TOM COLTON: Well, that's that.

SCULLY: It still doesn't explain what he was doing there that late at night.

FULLER: So, he's one of the few civil servants we have with initiative, and we busted him for it.

SCULLY: He was crawling up an air duct, by himself, without alerting security.

TOM COLTON: Dana, he passed the test, his story checks out, he's not the guy. It doesn't mean that your profile's incorrect.

MULDER: Scully's right, it is the guy.

FULLER: Whatta you got, Mulder?

MULDER: He lied on questions eleven and thirteen, his electrodermal and cardiographic response nearly go off the chart.

FULLER: Is number eleven, the hundred year old question? Well, let me tell ye, I had a reaction to that stupid question. And what the hell is this Powhatan Mill thing.

MULDER: Two murders with matching mo's occurred in Powhatan Mill in 1933, just look at the chart.

EXAMINER: My interpretation of those reactions..

FULLER: I don't need you or that machine, telling me if Tooms was alive in `33.

MULDER: He's the guy.

FULLER: I'm letting him go.

(Fuller and the examiner leave the room, Tom turns to Scully)

TOM COLTON: You comin'?

SCULLY: Tom, I wanna thank you for letting me put in some time with the VCS, but I am officially assigned to the X-files.

TOM COLTON: I'll see what I can do about that.

SCULLY: Tom, I can look out for myself.

TOM COLTON: You said Mulder was out there, that guy's insane.

(Tom leaves and Scully turns to look at Mulder)

(Mulder and Scully are walking through an office floor of the bureau)

SCULLY: You knew they wouldn't believe you, why did you push it?

MULDER: Maybe I thought you caught the right guy. And maybe I run into so many people, who are hostile, just because they can't open their minds to the possibilties, that sometimes the need to mess with their heads, outweighs the millstone of humiliation.

(They stop at the bottom of some stairs)

SCULLY: It seems like you were acting very territorial, I don't know, forget it.

(Scully goes to turn away but Mulder stops her, he is touching Scully's necklace)

MULDER: Of course I was, in our investigations, you may not always agree with me but at least you respect the journey. And if you wanna continue working with them, I won't hold it against ye.

(Mulder starts up the stairs and after a brief pause, Scully follows)

SCULLY: Er, I don't know, you must have something more than your polygraph interpretation to backup this bizarre theory and I have to see what it is.




SCENE 8
METROPOLITAN POLICE DEPARTMENT
(Mulder is looking at the arrest record of Eugene Tooms on computer)

MULDER: These are Eugene Tooms' prints.

(Mulder isolates the left middle finger print and discards the rest, for a fingerprint anaylsis)

This is the fingerprint they took from Usher's office,

(Mulder brings up one of the elongated fingerprints)

it matches the old ones from the X-files. Obviously no match, but what if, somehow...

(Mulder squashes Tooms' print sideways, then stretches it lenghtways. Next he overlaps the two prints on screen, a readout shows a match of one hundred percent)

SCULLY: How could that be?

MULDER: Only thing I know for certain is, they let him go.




SCENE 9
(It is a dark night and a car pulls into a driveway, as it gets closer to the house, a motion sensor light comes on. We see a pair of eyes watching from the bushes. As the man gets out of the car and walks around it, all color, again, fades to black and white except for the man)
(Eugene Tooms jogs from the bushes to the side of the house and looks in a window. The man enters the room, and Tooms backs off as the man gets closer to the window. Tooms then runs to another part of the house and looks up, he starts climbing the wall. Inside the house, the man checks through some envelopes and takes off his jacket. Tooms has made it up the wall and pulls himself onto the roof beside the chimney stack, which he enters by stretching his body to fit)

(The man walking from the kitchen, with a drink in his hand, enters the living room and stands by the mantel drinking his drink. The man puts his drink on the mantel and straightens a small glass container. He bends down and opens the doors to the fire, he then strikes a long match and tries to light some paper in the fire. From the shadows of the room, emerges Tooms. As the man turns around, Tooms jumps on him and pushes him onto the floor. The man is kicking, trying to get up, but looses the struggle)

(It is daytime and a man is stretching a measuring tape across the murdered man's living room)

FULLER: Sixty-four inches from the south wall.

TOM COLTON: Let's run a check on liver transplants in the next twenty-four hours, maybe this thing is black market.

FULLER: C'mon, it was ripped outta there.

TOM COLTON: Look at this point, I'm willing to give any theory a shot.

(He sees Mulder and Scully enter the house)

Any sane theory, I'm sorry Dana but I only want qualified members of the investigating team at the crime scene.

MULDER: What's the matter Colton, you worried I'm gonna solve your case?

(Mulder goes to walk further into the house but Colton stops him)

SCULLY: Tom. We have authorized access to this crime scene. A report of you obstructing another officer's investigation might stick out on your personnel file.

(Tom lets Mulder enter)

TOM COLTON: Look Dana, whose side are you on?

SCULLY: The victim's.

FULLER: A hundred and five inches from the fireplace.

(Mulder looks at a single elongated fingerprint that has been dusted on the front of the mantel)

SCULLY: The victim is a Thomas Werner, single, white..

MULDER: It's Tooms.

(Mulder points to the fingerprint, and also notices four small prints, like the tips of fingers on top of the mantel)

And he took something.




SCENE 10
(Mulder is looking through a microfiche reader of a county census from 1903, and finds the name, Eugene Victor Tooms. Scully enter the room)

SCULLY: Baltimore PD checked out Tooms' apartment, it was a cover. No one has ever lived there and he hasn't shown up for work since he was arrested.

MULDER: I found him. How do we learn about the present, we look to the past. I think this is where it all began in 1903 on Exeter Street.

(Mulder points to the address of Tooms on screen)

Now look at the address of that first murder in 1903.

(Scully lifts up the file on this case)

SCULLY: Apartment 2 0 3. He killed the guy above him.

MULDER: Maybe, his neighbour played the victrola too loud.

SCULLY: Well, this must be Tooms' great grandfather.

MULDER: What about the prints?

SCULLY: Genetics might explain the patterns, it also might explain the sociopathic attitudes and behaviours. It begins with one family member, who raises an offspring, who raises the next child.

MULDER: So what is this, the Anti-Waltons.

SCULLY: Well, what do you think?

MULDER: I think what we have to do is track Eugene Tooms, there's four down and one to go this year. If we don't get him right now, the next chance is in year.....

SCULLY: 2023.

MULDER: And you're gonna be head of the bureau by then. So I think you have to go through the census, I'm gonna plough through this century's marriage, birth, death certificates, and... You have any dramamine on you by any chance cos, these things make me seasick.

(Mulder and Scully go through the information for hours)

Anything?

SCULLY: Nope, he disappeared off the face of the earth. You?

MULDER: Never was born, never married, never died.

SCULLY: At least in Baltimore County. No, I did find one thing though, erm, it's the current address of the investigating officer at the Powhatan Mill murders in 1933.




SCENE 11
LYNNE ACRES RETIREMENT HOME
BALTIMORE, MD
(Sitting in front of Mulder and Scully is an old man in a wheelchair)

FRANK BRIGGS: I've waited twenty-five years for you.

SCULLY: Sir?

FRANK BRIGGS: I called it quits, in 1968 after, fourty-five years as a cop. And those killings at Powhatan Mill. I was a sheriif then and, er, I'd seen my share of murders, bloody ones. But I could go home and, pitch a few baseballs to my kid and never give it a second thought, you gotta be able to do that. You'd go crazy, right. But those murders in Powhatan Mill, when I walked into that room, my heart, went cold, my hands, numbed. I could feel, IT.

MULDER: Feel what, Frank?

FRANK BRIGGS: When I first heard about the death camps in 1945, I remembered Powhatan Mill. When I see the kurds and the bosnians, that room is there, I tell ye. It's like all the horrible acts that humans are capable of, somehow, gave birth to some kind of, human monster. That's why I say I've been waiting for you. Aah, there's a box in the trunk here, get it for me, would you please.

(Mulder lifts a box out of the trunk and puts it on the bed, Frank wheels himself to it)

Now this, is all the evidence I've collected, officially and unofficially.

SCULLY: Unofficially?

FRANK BRIGGS: I knew the murders in `63 were by the same, person as in `33. But by then, they had me on a desk, pushing papers and they wouldn't let me anywhere near the case.

(Scully lifts a jar out of the box and looks in it)

SCULLY: A piece of the removed liver?

FRANK BRIGGS: Yes, but you know, that's not the only trophy he took with him. Family members reported small personal affects missing in each case. A hairbrush in the Walters murder, a coffee mug in the Taylor murder.

MULDER: Have you ever heard the name, Eugene Victor Tooms?

FRANK BRIGGS: Humh, when they wouldn't bring me aboard in `63 I, I did some of my own work. I took, these surveillance pictures, this, is Tooms.

(Frank shows some photos to Mulder and Scully)

Course, that was him thirty years ago.

(Frank takes out another photo and shows it to Mulder)

And this, is the apartment where he lived. It was located at..

MULDER: 66 Exeter Street?

FRANK BRIGGS: Right. That's it, right there.

(We see the photo of where Tooms lived. The photo changes to reality as Mulder and Scully go there)




SCENE 12
(Mulder and Scully pull up to 66 Exeter Street in their car, they enter the building, it is a run down empty building)

SCULLY: Here's 103.

(They enter the room)

MULDER: The old man was right, you can feel it.

SCULLY: There's nothing here.

MULDER: Check this out.

(Mulder pushes down a mattress that is standing against the wall.
Behind it is a large hole in the wall)

What's down here?

SCULLY: I don't know.

(Scully puts her gun away and enters the hole)

Let's find out.

(Scully climbs down a ladder, followed by Mulder and they shine their torches into the darkness)

Just an old coal cellar.

(As they look further in the cellar, they come across a table full of objects)

MULDER: Somebody having a garage sale.

(Mulder picks up a small glass container)

This is the shape of Werner's mantel.

SCULLY: Frank said he collected trophies.

MULDER: Does he live in here?

SCULLY: It looks like the wall's deteriorating.

MULDER: No, somebody made it.

(Mulder and Scully make their way to part of the room where a wall looks like it's crumbling)

This is a nest, look, it's made out of rags and newspapers.

SCULLY: This looks like the opening, think there's anything inside?

(Mulder feels the opening and gets a slimy substance on his hand)

Oh my God, Mulder, it's smells like, I think it's bile.

MULDER: Is there any way I can get it off my fingers quickly without betraying my cool exterior?

(Mulder quickly flicks the stuff of his fingers)

SCULLY: No one could live in this.

MULDER: I don't think it's where he lives, I think it's where he hibernates.

SCULLY: Hibernates?

MULDER: Just listen, what if some genetic mutation could allow a man to awaken every thirty years.

SCULLY: Mulder.

MULDER: And what if the five livers could provide him sustenance for that period. What if Tooms is some kind of, twentieth century, genetic mutant.

SCULLY: In any case, he's not here now and he's gotta come back.

MULDER: Well we're gonna need a surveillance team.

SCULLY: Yeah, that'll take some fannagling.

MULDER: Well you go down town and see what you can fannagle, I'll keep watch.

(Mulder and Scully get up and walk back towards the opening of the cellar. Scully stops suddenly)

SCULLY: Oh, wait, I'm snagged on something, oh, it's ok, I got it.

(As Scully continues forward, a hand appears from within the rafters and opening it's hand we see Scully's necklace dangling from it. We then see Tooms in the rafters)




SCENE 13
66 EXETER ST., 11:30 A.M.
(Mulder is sitting in his car when one of the back doors open and another agent gets in.
Another one gets in the front)

MULDER: It's about time.

KENNEDY: So, who're we looking for again?

MULDER: Eugene Tooms, he's unarmed but consider him dangerous. Scully and I'll be back to relieve you in eight hours if he doesn't show, right here.

KRAMER: You got it, Spooky.

(Mulder gets out of the car as the two agents are laughing)




SCENE 14
(Scully is siiting in a room at the bureau. Tom comes in)

TOM COLTON: We have to talk.

SCULLY: I have to meet Mulder..

TOM COLTON: That's what we have to talk about. You're using two of my men to sit in front of a building that's been condemned for ten years?

SCULLY: It isn't in any way interferring with your investigation.

TOM COLTON: When we first had lunch, I really looked forward to working with you, you were a good agent, but now after Mulder, I couldn't have you far enough away. Don't bother going down there, I had the stakeout called off.

SCULLY: You can't do that.

TOM COLTON: No, I can't but my regional asat can, especially after I told them about the irresponsible waste in man hours.

(Scully picks up the phone but before she can phone Mulder, Tom takes the phone off her)

Auh-uh! Let me call Mulder, let me tell him the news.

SCULLY: Is this what it takes to climb the ladder Colton?

TOM COLTON: All the way to the top.

SCULLY: Then I can't wait `til you fall off and land on your ass.

(Tom phones Mulder)

[ MULDER'S ANSWER MACHINE ]

This is Fox Mulder, I'm not here, leave a message.

(Scully pulls up outside her apartment. From the darkness we can see the eyes of Tooms, watching. Scully walks from her car to her apartment block and Tooms sees it all in black and white)




SCENE 15
66 EXETER ST., 7:25 P.M.
(Mulder pulls up in his car)

MULDER: Where is everyone? Scully?

(Mulder has a quick look around and then runs and enters the building)

(Back at Scully's apartment)

[ MULDER'S ANSWER MACHINE ]

This is Fox Mulder, I'm not here, leave a message.

SCULLY: Mulder, you must've gone out since Colton gave us the night off, I say we file a complaint against him, I am furious. Call me when you get in, ok, bye.

(Scully is in her bathroom, after hanging up, she runs a bath. Scully walks out of the bathroom and outside the window we see Tooms reach up and feel the window)

(Meanwhile, Mulder is in the cellar below Tooms' apartment. As he looks at the table with the trophies, from the murders, he sees and recognises Scully's necklace)

MULDER: Dammit.

(Scully is back in her bathroom, she lifts a towel of the rack and goes over to the bath and turns off the taps. She lifts a small bottle from a shelf, she moves to the side of the bath to open it. As she opens it, a lump of bile falls from the ceiling and splashes on her hand. She breaths deeply, in shock, and then looks up at the vent in the ceiling, there is bile around one corner of it. Scully rushes out of the bathroom and looks for her gun in the apartment)

(Mulder is driving his car and using his phone)

MULDER: Dammit, ANSWER.

(We see that the phone line to Scully's apartment have been cut)

(Scully is moving about her apartment, with her gun, searching for Tooms. She enters a room and turns, pointing her gun at a small vent near the floor. As Scully turns away from the vent, a hand comes crashing through and grabs Scully's leg causing her to fall. We see the face of Tooms in the vent as well. Scully manages to grab hold of a door frame and pull herself from Tooms' grasp)

(Mulder pulls up outside Scully's apartment block)

(Tooms forces himself out through the vent and Scully, on the floor, backs off into the bathroom. Tooms gets up and follows her in and sits on her. Scully tries to hit Tooms but he blocks it, but she punches him with her other hand)

(Mulder races into the building)

(Scully pushes her thumbs into the eyes of Tooms, but he grabs her arms and pushes them to the floor above her head, exposing her stomach)

(Mulder breaks open Scully's door, and rushes in)

MULDER: SCULLY!

(Tooms, hearing Mulder, gets off Scully and breaks the bathroom window. Mulder comes into the bathroom and points his gun at Tooms. Scully gets up and grabs Tooms before he can get out the window, but Tooms grabs Scully by the throat and tries to choke her. As he does this, Mulder puts handcuffs on one of Tooms' wrists. Tooms elbows Mulder, knocking him to the ground, and turns to advance on him. Scully grabs the handcuffs, stopping him from getting closer to Mulder and then pulls the handcuffs to the bath taps. Scully feeds the handcuffs through the taps, Tooms tries to stop her, but Scully grabs his other hand and fastens it in the other handcuff. Mulder gets up and points his gun at Tooms, who is tugging at the handcuffs)

You alright?

(Scully is leaning against the wall, breathing heavily. She manages a nod of the head)

He's not gonna get his quota this year.

(Tooms stops pulling at the handcuffs and accepts defeat)




SCENE 16
LYNNE ACRES RETIREMENT HOME
BALTIMORE, MD
(Frank is reading an article, on the front page of a newspaper, about `the consequences of ethnic cleansing'. Shaking his head he opens the newspaper and notices a small article about Eugene Tooms at the bottom of the page)

(We see the article of Tooms again, only this time it is being ripped. As the torn piece of paper is lifted up, we see it is Tooms who has ripped it. He licks the torn piece of paper a couple of times and crumples it up and throws it against a wall. The wall has alot of paper either already stuck to it or lying on the ground)

(Mulder is watching Tooms from outside his cell. Scully comes walking around a corner and down the corridor. She looks through the window into Tooms' cell. He is still licking paper)

MULDER: Look at him, he's building another nest.

SCULLY: You'll be interested to know that I've ordered some genetic tests. The preliminary medical exam revealed quite abnormal development in the muscular and skeletal systems, as well as a continually declining metabolic rate. It dips way below the levels registered in deep sleep. Did you hear what I said Mulder?

(Tooms has stopped what he was doing and is now looking at Mulder watching him)

(Tooms, stops looking at Mulder and continues with his nest)

MULDER: All these people putting bars on their windows, spending good money on hi-tech security systems, trying to feel safe. I look at this guy and I think, "It ain't enough".

(We see Tooms, licking more paper, through the window)

(Scully turns to Mulder and they both walk off down the corridor. As they go around the corner, a guard opens a door, at the end of the corridor, for an orderly, who is carrying a meal on a tray. The orderly walks to the door to Tooms cell. Tooms, who is stil licking paper, turns his head to the door when he hears a lock opening. A small opening in the door appears and the orderly slides the tray through, then locks the outside flap and walks away)

(Sometime later)

(Tooms is sitting on his bed staring at the small opening in the door, where the food tray was placed earlier. The camera switches between Tooms and the opening in the door, and zooming in on both in turn. As the camera gets closer to Tooms' face, a smile appears across his face as he studies the opening in the door)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
(It is a dark night and there is a campfire going, a young boy and girl are sleeping in their sleeping bags outside a camper van, beside a lake. Inside the van sleeps the mother, and all is quiet. We see there is a bag of shells on a table, the tap is dripping and a cup of coffee sits on the table also. Suddenly the cup starts shaking, the mother wakes up as we see it's the whole van that is shaking. She falls out of her bunk and hits the floor hard, a cupboard opens and all the plates and cups shake off the shelf. A bright light is coming in through the windows, the woman is sitting on the floor backed against a wall and screaming. As suddenly as the shaking started, it stops)

DARLENE MORRIS: Kids!

KEVIN MORRIS: MOM! MOM!

DARLENE MORRIS: Kevin!

KEVIN MORRIS: MOM! (The woman crawls towards the door of the camper and as she puts her hand on the handle, she burns her hand) MOM! MOM! (The woman looks around and finds an oven glove which she puts on) MOM! MOM! MOM! (As the woman opens the door, her son, Kevin, is standing at the bottom of the steps in front of the door) MOM! Ruby's gone.

(The woman comes out of the camper and takes Kevin's hand)

DARLENE MORRIS: Ruby! RUBY! (The woman runs to both sides of the camper calling out her daughter's name) RUBY! RUBY! (The woman stops and looks straight up into the night sky) RUBY!




SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(We see the outside of the building and then we see Scully in Section Chief Scott Blevins' office. He hands Scully a green file)

BLEVINS: Agent Mulder's latest 3-0-2, requesting assignment and travel expenses for the both of you.

SCULLY: Sioux City, Iowa. That's the first I've heard of it.

BLEVINS: It came up through channels, from Mulder's Asat, to the district G-14 and onto my desk.

SCULLY: I don't understand.

(Inside the file, attached to the 3-0-2, is an article cut out from a
paper with the headline `TEEN TAKEN FROM TENT BY ALIENS')

BLEVINS: In essence, Mulder is petitioning the bureau to assign a case number to a tabloid headline.

SCULLY: He must have more evidence than..

BLEVINS: Not according to his 3-0-2, he doesn't.

SCULLY: I admit, that is strange. Even for Mulder.

(Blevins gets up and takes a file out of a filing cabinet)

BLEVINS: Perhaps, it has something to do with this, take a look.

(He walks in front of the desk and gives the file to Scully)

SCULLY: An X-File.

(Scully opens the file and inside we see the following information:)

Name Samantha T. Mulder Address 2790 Vine Street City Chilmarc, Mass. Place of Birth Chilmarc, Mass. Date of Birth January 22, 1964 Nationality American

(Below is a picture of a young girl. More information reads as:)

REMARKS: Name and address of nearest relative notified in case of emergency.

Fox Mulder (brother) c/o F.B.I. Washington Bureau

(There is also a signature below)

(Scully sits down)

BLEVINS: Has he shared any of this with you? There's no need to protect him, he's the agent of record, he initiated the file himself.

SCULLY: She was his sister, she disappeared twenty-one years ago, he was, twelve and she was eight. He claims that he was in the room when it happened. He recalls a, bright light outside the window and er, and a presence in the room.

BLEVINS: In your opinion, has Agent Mulder's personal agenda clouded his professional judgement?

SCULLY: In my opinion, no.

BLEVINS: But you can see, how it might appear that way. (Blevins goes behind his desk and sits down) As you know, Agent Mulder's pre-occupation with fringe matters has been a big source of friction in the bureau, this is another case in point. I'm gonna disallow the 3- 0-2.

SCULLY: With respect sir, at least let me talk with him, and make a recommendation.




SCENE 3
X-FILES OFFICE
(Scully is pacing talking to Mulder, who is sitting at a desk)

SCULLY: It just doesn't seem, substantial enough to warrant an investigation.

MULDER: Ok Scully, so we disagree, it's not the first time and it won't be the last.

SCULLY: Well, at least if we had a legitimate source, we could..

MULDER: This is the essence of science, you ask an impertinent question and you're on your way to a pertinent answer.

SCULLY: But what makes this case anymore credible, than...(Scully lifts a copy of National Comet, from were the article attached to Mulder's 3-0-2 was taken, off Mulder's desk and reads another cover feature)...the hundred year old mother with the lizard baby?

MULDER: Because, the lizard baby, wasn't born anywhere near Lake Okobogee.

SCULLY: Oko-what?

MULDER: Bogee. (Mulders get up and talks right into Scully's face) Okobogee.

SCULLY: Is that supposed to mean something to me?

(Mulder turns off the lights)

MULDER: If you know anything about trout fishing, or UFO hotspots.

SCULLY: Define hotspot.

(Mulder turns on a slide projector and we see a UFO on a projection screen)

MULDER: Four sightings in 1967, August, including one by a national weather service plane. (Mulder clicks to a bigger picture of the UFO) This is a light blasted, digitally enhanced enlargement.

SCULLY: The pilot took that photograph?

MULDER: Try a girl scout with an instamatic. Four of the nine girls in the troupe claim to have seen something, five if you include the den mother. The Air Force said it was a weather balloon caught in a wind sheer. But there wasn't a weather balloon launched that day within seven hundred miles. (Mulder turns off the slide projector and gets a file which he gives to Scully) Now read me the names of those girl scouts from 1967.

(Mulder turns on an overhead projector and walks off out of sight)

SCULLY: Lisa Tyrell, Bonnie Winston, Dorreen McAllister, Darlene Mor...

(Mulder attached to his 3-0-2)

MULDER: It's the same Darlene Morris.




SCENE 4
SIOUX CITY, IA
(Mulder and Scully pull up to a house in a car, they get out and approach the house. Mulder knocks on the door)

SCULLY: Miss Darlene Morris? (Scully shows her id) I'm Agent Scully and this is Agent Fox Mulder, we talked with you on the phone last night.

DARLENE MORRIS: Er, please come in. (They enter the house) Well I, knew that if I screamed, loud and long enough that, someone would listen. But I never expected the FBI. Er, this is Kevin. Kevin, say "hi". (Kevin is sitting at a table in the next room) Would you like some coffee?

SCULLY: Hmmm.

(Darlene walks off to the kitchen, Scully walks towards the next room when she looks behind her at Mulder. Mulder is looking at some of the pictures on the mantel, pictures showing Ruby. Mulder touches a photo of Ruby as a young girl)

(Darlene, Scully and Mulder are sitting in the kitchen)

DARLENE MORRIS: Somedays I can't even, get myself up out of bed. And, Kevin has been acting so strange, er, I don't know what to do anymore. I, I just, want her back again.

SCULLY: Miss Morris, during the divorce, was there a custody battle?

DARLENE MORRIS: Charles had nothing to do with this.

SCULLY: How can you be so sure?

DARLENE MORRIS: Because I know what happened. It's just like it was before.

MULDER: Summer of 1967, the girl scout troupe?

DARLENE MORRIS: How did you know about that?

MULDER: Your name's on record at the center for UFO studies in Evanston, Illinois.

DARLENE MORRIS: Really?

MULDER: Yea, pilot for the national weather service made a similar sighting over the same area on the same day.

DARLENE MORRIS: They took her didn't they Mr. Mulder?

(There is a long pause)

MULDER: You, you said that erm, Kevin was there, the night it happened.

DARLENE MORRIS: He didn't see anything, he was asleep.

MULDER: Do you think I might talk to him anyway? (Darlene nods her head) Thanks.

(Mulder gets up and walks away)

DARLENE MORRIS: You know, I've told this story so many times now, oh to the newspapers and the police. And everytime I tell it, people get this, look in their eye, just like the look that you've got right now.

(Kevin is sitting in front of a TV which is untuned to any channel)

MULDER: Hey buddy! Mind if I sit down? (Kevin shrugs his shoulders) Thanks. (Mulder sits on the end of a coffee table) Your mom tells me you've been having nightmares.

KEVIN MORRIS: I guess so.

MULDER: Wanna tell me about `em?

KEVIN MORRIS: No.

MULDER: Alright. (Mulder notices Kevin is writing on a pad) Whatta you doing? (Kevin turns round to look at Mulder and then turns back to his pad and continues writing) Are you making something? (Kevin nods his head) Can I take a look at it? (Kevin lifts his pad and passes it to Mulder) Thanks.

(When Mulder looks at the pad all he sees are ones and zeroes written continously down the page)

(Kevin points towards the tv)

KEVIN MORRIS: It's coming from there.

MULDER: The TV?

(Kevin stops pointing at the tv and nods his head)




SCENE 5
SIOUX CITY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
(A fax is being sent out on headed paper. The information on it reads:)

DATE: AUG 26
FROM: FOX MULDER
TO: DANIEL BERNSTEIN
REPORTING TO: CRYPTOGRAPHY SECTION, F.B.I. WASH. D.C.
(Mulder is talking on a phone, Scully is in the Sheriff's office talking to the Sheriff)

MULDER: I don't know what it is, maybe a binary sequence of some kind. Could be anything, could be nothing. I know you're busy, look erm, I know a friend who knows a friend who knows a friend who-oo can get you tickets to a Redskins game. You got it. Alright, you know where to find me? Thanks Danny.

(Inside the Sheriff's office, the Sheriff walks around to sit behind his desk)

SIOUX CITY SHERIFF: So, as I was telling your partner, we found no evidence of kidnap, no phone call, no ransom note, and since we didn't turn up a body....

MULDER: You assume she ran away.

SHERIFF: Well, it wouldn't be the first time Ruby Morris ran away from home.

MULDER: Well, how do you explain what her mother saw?

SHERIFF: Well I think that Darlene has a very active imagination. I've been listening to those stories since the first grade.

MULDER: So basically you ignored her statement.

SHERIFF: I included it in my report.

MULDER: But you didn't bother to check it out.

SHERIFF: We went out to the camp sight, we didn't find anything. Let me tell you something, Darlene's little girl was no prom queen. I can't count the number of times I pulled her out of parked cars, or found her puking her guts out by the side of the road, it was just a matter of time before...

MULDER: Before what?

SHERIFF: Before something bad happened to her and if Darlene needs to make up crazy stories to get past that, fine. But don't tell me to treat it as the truth, I not gonna waste my time.

(Mulder and Scully leave the building)

SCULLY: I just think it's a good idea not to antagonise local law enforcement.

MULDER: Who me? I'm Mr. Congeniality.

SCULLY: You never know, we might need his help one of these days.

MULDER: I'll send him a bunt cake.

(As Mulder walks around the driver's side of their car, he notices a piece of paper stuck under the window wiper. He takes it and opens it, it reads `I'M ACROSS THE STREET FOLLOW ME'. Mulder hands the note to Scully, who after reading it looks around to see who left the note. They see a girl across the street, and when she sees that Mulder and Scully have noticed her, she walks away. Mulder and Scully follow her into a library)

(As they enter the library, they look up each of the aisles until they find the girl standing at the end of one. As they approach, the girl moves into the next aisle and talks to Mulder and Scully through the books)

TESSA: You're looking for Ruby, right?

SCULLY: That's right. Who are you?

TESSA: Doesn't matter.

SCULLY: Are you a friend of Ruby's?

TESSA: Ruby didn't have friends, she just had people she liked to hang with.

SCULLY: And she liked to hang out with you?

TESSA: Guess we had some times.

MULDER: Like the night she disappeared?

TESSA: It was Greg, she was supposed to see him that night.

MULDER: Who's Greg?

TESSA: Her boyfriend, Greg Randall. Supposed to meet up at the lake. Had stuff to talk about.

MULDER: What kind of stuff?

TESSA: Greg got Ruby pregnant. I don't know, whatever, she got herself pregnant.

SCULLY: Do you know what they were planning to do about it?

TESSA: Gonna leave town, least that's what Ruby told me.

SCULLY: You know Greg from School?

TESSA: Greg, school, I don't think so. All he ever did since we met him was pour beer, The Pennyslvania Pub.

(A woman knocks some books off a shelf, Mulder and Scully turn to see what the noise was but when they turn back to talk to Tessa, she's gone. They look in the next aisle but she's gone)




SCENE 6
THE PENNSYLVANIA PUB
(Outside the pub is alot of parked motorbikes, inside most people are wearing leather jackets. Mulder and Scully make their way across the floor to the bar. A comment is made about Scully, refering to her as a `real' girl)

MULDER: `scuse me. Do you know where we could find Greg Randall?

PENNSYLVANIA PUB BARTENDER: Who's asking? (Mulder takes out and shows his id) What kind of trouble's he got himself into now?

MULDER: Actually, we were hoping you could tell us.

BARTENDER: Greg called in sick about three weeks ago man, I haven't seen or heard from him since.

MULDER: Any ideas where he might have gone?

BARTENDER: No, but if you find him, you tell him he's fired.

SCULLY: This is the motel we'll be staying at if you hear of anything.

(Scully gives the bartender a card with the details of where they are staying. The bartender looks at it and puts it in his waistcoat pocket. As they are about to leave, Mulder notices a tattoo on the
bartender's arm)

MULDER: Hey, that's a nice tattoo, what is that?

BARTENDER: What's it look like?

MULDER: Flying saucer. You don't really believe in that stuff do ya?

BARTENDER: I take it you don't.

MULDER: No, I think it's all just a bunch of crazy people howling at the moon.

BARTENDER: So er, you haven't been out to Lake Okobogie, have ya?

MULDER: No I haven't, why?

BARTENDER: You should ride with us sometime, you might see somethings that'll change your mind. (The bartender pulls back his hair to show his ear. It looks like the skin has been badly burned) Get a killer sunburn in the middle of the night.




SCENE 7
STAY `N SAVE MOTOR INN
5:30 A.M.
(Scully is sleeping in her room, shadows move across her body. When she wakens she sees figures standing outside her door and she hears whispers)

VOICE 1: Yeah.

VOICE 2: ..downstairs.

VOICE 3: Alright.

(Scully sits up in bed watching the figures outside her door. The door handle is turned but it is locked. Scully sees her gun on a dresser on the other side of the room and gets out of bed to get it. As she puts her hand on it, the door is busted open and a man shines a light in her face)

FOURTH MAN: Where's Mulder?

(A man, Holtzman, and the man who initially bust into Scully's room, are now in Mulder's room. Mulder is sitting on the edge of his bed)

HOLTZMAN: Where did you get the document?

MULDER: Well, if you explain to me what you're talking about, maybe I can help you out. (The fourth man hands a sheet of paper to Mulder) This is a document? Just looks like a bunch of ones and zeroes to me.

HOLTZMAN: Tell me where you got it.

MULDER: Tell me what it is.

HOLTZMAN: Keep playing games Mulder, I'll haul your ass up in front of the D6. You can explain to them, what you're doing obstructing justice.

(Mulder gives the sheet of paper to Holtzman)

MULDER: It's your call Holtzman. So unless they tell me otherwise, I'm not accountable to anybody outside my sub-committee. I don't care if it's the NSA or the Vatican Police.

(Mulder puts walks to a chair and lifts his shirt, which he puts on)

HOLTZMAN: It's a defence satellite transmission.

MULDER: You're kidding.

HOLTZMAN: Just a fragment but highly classified, we need to know where it came from.

MULDER: Well sure, I'll let you know as soon as I find out.

(A ringing noise is heard, and the fourth man lifts his cellular phone)

HOLTZMAN: That's it Mulder, you just bought yourself a oneway back to Washington.

(Mulder and Holtzman wait to find out the outcome of the call)

FOURTH MAN: We got it.

(The fourth man and Holtzman leave Mulder's room)

MULDER: Great.

(Scully enters)

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: You shouldn't have told them. They have no jurisdiction.

SCULLY: Mulder, they're NSA. (Mulder puts on his jacket) They think the boy may be a threat to national security.

MULDER: C'mon, how could an eight year old boy, who can bearly multiply, be a threat to national security? People call me paranoid.

SCULLY: Well how did Kevin obtain top secret information? And, where do you think he got it from?

(Mulder walks past Scully and out of the room)




SCENE 8
DARLENE MORRIS' HOUSE
KEVIN'S ROOM
(A group of men can be seen filling boxes with Kevin's stuff. The fourth man is flicking through Kevin's books and then dropping them on the floor when he doesn't find what he is looking for. Kevin's drawings are ripped off the wall)

(Outside the house, Mulder and Scully have arrived. They walk up to the front of the house, all the neighbours are gathered around the house to try and find out what's going on)

AGENT: Watch your step, ma'm.

(Two men are escorting Darlene and Kevin out of the house, past Mulder and Scully and to waiting cars)

DARLENE MORRIS: It'll be ok baby, don't worry. It'll be ok.

SECOND AGENT: Come with me son.

(One agent takes Darlene to one car while the other agent takes Kevin to another car)

KEVIN MORRIS: MOOOMMMM!

SECOND AGENT: Get in the car please.

(Kevin is put into the back of a car)

DARLENE MORRIS: It'll be alright baby.

AGENT: Watch your head please.

(Darlene is put into the back of the other car. Mulder approaches the car that Darlene is in and looks in the window. It is too dark to see inside, both cars drive off. Mulder and Scully enter the house)

(A set of papers containing binary codes is lifted out of a drawer by Holtzman, who flicks through them before nodding his head. Mulder enters the room and lifts up a broken piggy bank and puts in on a dresser)

MULDER: You guys do really delicate work.

HOLTZMAN: Let's get this to cryptography. (Holtzman gives the papers to the fourth man and walks past Mulder, then Scully and out of the room, followed by the other agents) I think we got what we needed, thank you.

(Mulder pulls back the curtain and looks out the window. Noticing Mulder is looking at something in particular, Scully comes over to the window)

SCULLY: What is it?

MULDER: I'm not sure.

(Mulder walks away and Scully continues to look out the window, she sees the top of the camper van is black)

(Mulder sets a pair of ladders against the van and climbs up, Scully is watching him from the window. Mulder scrapes and takes a piece of the burned roof of the camper in his fingers, and crumples it into ash. He smells it before flicking it from his hands)




SCENE 9
FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS
SIOUX CITY, IA
(Mulder and Scully are talking to another agent)

LEZA ATSUMI: We scanned all seventy-seven pages through the mainframe in Washington.

SCULLY: And none of the information is actionable?

LEZA ATSUMI: Other than the satellite transmission, nothing can be construed, in anyway, as a national security risk. As far as I know, the boy's being released this afternoon.

SCULLY: So it's just a random set of ones and zeroes.

LEZA ATSUMI: On the contrary, there was nothing random about it.

SCULLY: I don't understand.

LEZA ATSUMI: All information can be rendered digitally, (Agent Leza Atsumi sits down at her computer) in a series of ones and zeroes. When we downloaded the data, we found an amazing range of...(Leza types in a command on the computer, The screen shows a binary sequence and in the center of the screen is a message reading: CMMD: DNLD.CURRENT FILE) Well see for yourself. (A part of a picture comes up) Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man. (The screen reverts back to binary, Leza types in another command and up comes a rotating object) A DNA double helix. Oh, there's lots more. (Leza types in another command and up comes a soundwave bar and as a line travels across the bar, a piece of music is heard)

SCULLY: That's from the Brandenburg concertos.

LEZA ATSUMI: But they're just fragments, a few notes here, a few notes there. A line from the Koran, a Shakespearean sonnet...

MULDER: Almost like someone's switching channels, huh.

(Mulder looks at Leza and then at Scully but no one has an answer)

(An agent escorts Darlene and Kevin out of Holding Area 107, and then lets them go. Darlene walks passed Mulder and Scully, ignoring them)

MULDER: Mrs. Morris.

DARLENE MORRIS: I have nothing to say to you.

(Mulder chases after Darlene touching her arm)

MULDER: Mrs. Morris, please give me a minute to explain.

(Darlene stops and turns round, then she bends down and talks to Kevin)

DARLENE MORRIS: Would you please just wait right over there for momma, I'll be right there. (Kevin looks up at Mulder and then walks to where Darlene asked him to wait. Darlene stands up and faces Mulder and Scully again) I thought you were both supposed to be here, to help us.

SCULLY: This has been a terrible mistake. And I assure you that the government will pay for all repairs and damages.

DARLENE MORRIS: I don't want your money, I want my daughter back. And I want you to leave us alone.

MULDER: But your son, has seen something.

DARLENE MORRIS: You stay away from me, and you stay away from my child. (Darlene walks away, Kevin is staring up at the security monitors) C'mon honey, it's ok, let's, let's go now.




SCENE 10
EXIT 68. SIOUX CITY DOWNTOWN
(Mulder and Scully are driving along the road)

SCULLY: I thought we were headed back into town. (Mulder shakes his head slightly) Where are we going?

MULDER: The boy's the key Scully, I know it.

SCULLY: The key to what?

MULDER: Finding Ruby. Just think about it for a minute, this is a boy who is receiving all kinds of digitised data from a television screen.

SCULLY: Agent Atsumi said it was a statistical aberration.

(Mulder shakes his head again)

MULDER: No.

SCULLY: Ok, I admit it, it's not much of an explanation but it..

MULDER: I think that Kevin is a conduit, of some kind.

SCULLY: A conduit.

MULDER: A link, or a connection, to whoever, or whatever, took Ruby that night.

SCULLY: But how?

MULDER: If there was an abduction, it's likely that Kevin was touched in some way.

(There is a brief pause)

SCULLY: Mulder I know what you're thinking. I know why this is so important to you. (Mulder looks at Scully) I know. But there is no evidence indicating an abduction.

MULDER: That's why we're going to Lake Okobogee.




SCENE 11
LAKE OKOBOGEE, IA
CAMPSITE 53
(Scully is looking at the campfire, the sound of seagulls can be heard in the background. Scully stands up and Mulder walks by)

MULDER: According to the police photos, Ruby and Kevin were sleeping right here.

(Mulder walks towards the waterfront)

SCULLY: Just a stones throw from the forest wall.

MULDER: Meaning what?

SCULLY: Meaning anybody could've come out of the forest to grab her.

MULDER: Have you noticed the tree line? (Mulder points up to the trees, the leaves and burnt away from the tops and only the thin trunk remains) Evidence of extreme heat.

SCULLY: Or an electrical storm. (Mulder is looking through some shells on the waterfront) Besides which, there's nothing to connect it to the night of Ruby's disappearance.

(Mulder lifts up a piece of glass)

MULDER: That's true. (Mulder is cleaning the sand of the glass) Do you think a lightning strike could've caused this? (Mulder walks towards Scully with the piece of glass) Do you have any idea at what temperature sand solidifies into glass? (He gives it to Scully, who rubs the hardened sand on it) Twenty-five hundred degrees fahrenheit. Something was out here Scully, something hot enough to turn sand into glass, that, singed those trees and to blister the roof of that camper.

(Mulder walks back towards the waterfront, and Scully looks around the area. As she is about to turn towards Mulder, she hears a noise and then sees a white wolf. She quietly calls to Mulder)

SCULLY: Mulder, look.

(Mulder walks up beside Scully. After a few moments, the wolf heads off into the forest, Mulder hands some papers to Scully and then follows the wolf. Mulder runs into the forest and stops when he sees a pack of wolves crowding around a group of stones. Mulder takes out his gun and fires a shot into the air, the wolves scatter off into the forest. Mulder advances towards the stones, Scully comes running to where she heard the gunshot. She stops when she sees Mulder)

What is it?

MULDER: It's a grave. Shallow, by the smell of it.

(Mulder starts removing the stones)

SCULLY: Mulder what are you doing? (Mulder continues to move the stones) Mulder, you are disturbing a crime scene. (Mulder is still moving the stones, Scully grabs Mulder's arm) Stop.

(Mulder turns to face Scully)

MULDER: What if it's her? I need to know.

(A police officer is sectioning off the area with police tape, the county coroner is at the grave and a man documenting the scene with photographs, as well as people from the hospital morgue. There are also several police officers around the area. Mulder and Scully stand watching)

SCULLY: You ok Mulder?

MULDER: Fine.

(We see a man lying in the grave)

CORONER: Looks like a male caucasian.

(The Sheriff is standing shaking his head)

M. E. WORKER: Sir.

(The M. E. Worker hands the Sheriff the man's wallet. The Sheriff, while wearing surgical gloves, opens the wallet and takes out the man's id)

SIOUX CITY SHERIFF: Victim's name was Greg Randall.

SCULLY: Ruby's boyfriend.

SHERIFF: Ruby had alot of boyfriends.

MULDER: Before you put that away, can I take a look at it?

SHERIFF: Go right ahead.

(Mulder lifts a pair of gloves out of a case, puts them on and takes the wallet. He flicks through the wallet, there is alot of money in the back as well as a piece of paper that Mulder takes out. On the
paper is a note reading `DR. JACK FOWLER AUG. 7 - 2:30'. Mulder looks at Scully who has also seen the note)




SCENE 12
SHERIFF'S OFFICE
(An enlarged photocopy of the note comes out of a photocopier, which Mulder lifts and brings over to a desk. He switches on a desklamp and places the photocopy beside the note that Tessa left on Mulder and Scully's car. As Mulder and Scully study the pages, the Sheriif looks on. Mulder places the original note on the photocopy so that the word FOLLOW sits beside the FO of Fowler)

SCULLY: Look at that, it's her, the girl from the library.

SHERIFF: Who?

SCULLY: We didn't get her name but she claimed Greg and Ruby had run off together.

SHERIFF: Well, Doc Fowler's a buddy o mine, delivered both my kids. I could find out who had that appointment.

(Two police officers are escorting Tessa down a corridor in the police station. She is escorted into a room, a table and some chairs can be seen through the door)

SCULLY: Have a seat Tessa. (Tessa sits down and the door is shut. The letters on the door read `INTERROGATION ROOM'. Inside the room on the table, sits a tape recorder which is recording. Scully sits down opposite Tessa) We know that you lied to us the other day. We know that you had the appointment with Doctor Fowler on August 7th. We know that you're the one that's pregnant, not Ruby.

TESSA: Aah, don't know nothing do ye.

SCULLY: We can prove it Tessa, and we can prove that Greg, was the father.

TESSA: So what if he was the father.

SCULLY: This is very serious. Do you understand how serious this is? (Tessa just looks away from Scully) Now you've waived the right to an attorney, so if you lie to us here today, you could be charged with perjury.

TESSA: Promised me we'd be in L.A. by Christmas. (The Sherif is standing against the wall listening) He had a friend there, I'd never seen the ocean.

SCULLY: You said that he and Ruby were seeing each other. You said that they were planning to meet at the lake, is that true?

TESSA: Look it, I was nowhere near the lake that night, ok.

(Mulder gets up from his seat in the dark against the wall)

MULDER: Sure you were Tessa. (Mulder walks towards Tessa) You knew they were meeting, so you sat there and you waited for them. You were angry and you were jealous.

TESSA: I wasn't.

MULDER: You sat there and you waited and when they showed, you killed him first, isn't that how it went?

TESSA: No.

MULDER: You snuck up from behind him and you shot him in the back, (Mulder hits the desk with his hand) BAAMMM. (Mulder walks around the desk and stands beside Tessa) And then you killed Ruby, (Mulder hits the desk again) BAAMMM. (Mulder walks to the other side of Tessa) What was she doing right before she died Tessa? Was she pleading for her life? Was she running away?

TESSA: I didn't kill her.

(Mulder walks back to the other side of Tessa again)

MULDER: Where's she buried Tessa?

TESSA: I don't know.

MULDER: You don't know where you buried her Tessa.

(Mulder walks again to Tessa's other side)

TESSA: I didn't kill her.

MULDER: You didn't?

TESSA: SHE WASN'T EVEN THERE THAT NIGHT!

(Mulder crouches down beside Tessa)

MULDER: Well how would you know that Tessa, if you weren't there yourself.

(Mulder and Scully are walking along a corridor in the police station)

SCULLY: Mulder you're not seeing the whole picture here.

MULDER: Which is?

SCULLY: Which is that all likelihood, Ruby is dead.

MULDER: Is that your conclusion or the conclusion of the Sioux City Sheriff's Department?

SCULLY: They're searching the national park and a rescue dive team is coming in from Des Moines to drag the lake.

(Mulder stops and turns to face Scully)

MULDER: They're wasting their time.

SCULLY: Do you really think Tessa Seers is telling the truth?

MULDER: Why not, what if Ruby never did show up that night?

SCULLY: She lied to us in the library, she lied to us about her pregnancy, what makes you think she wouldn't lie to us about killing Ruby?

MULDER: Because something was out there in those woods.

SCULLY: We have a suspect in custody, we have a confession to one murder, and we have a statement which speaks to the intent to commit another. It's over Mulder. It's time to go home and turn this over to local law enforcement.

MULDER: I can't do that.

(Mulder walks off. Mulder leaves the station and Scully follows him)

SCULLY: Mulder where are you going?

MULDER: To talk to the boy.

SCULLY: Darlene won't even let you in the door.

MULDER: Well, I've gotta see him.

SCULLY: They don't wanna have anything to do with you...us. (Scully stops and call after Mulder) Mulder stop. Stop running after your sister. (Mulder stops, and then turns around to face Scully again) This won't bring her back.

MULDER: Come with me or don't come with me but until they find a body, I'm not giving up on that girl.

(Mulder walks off again and Scully stands where she is for a moment and then follows Mulder)




SCENE 13
DARLENE MORRIS' HOUSE
(Mulder knocks on the front door)

MULDER: Hello? (Mulder notices the door is unlocked, enters the house. Scully is right behind him) Mrs. Morris?

SCULLY: Kevin? (Mulder notices something on the floor and turns off the TV. On the floor are sheets of paper with binary sequences on them, they are placed in a square shape. Scully hears the kettle boiling and goes into the kitchen and takes it off the stove. She walks back into the living room and looks at the papers) Mulder. (Mulder is sitting down staring at the papers) What does it mean?

MULDER: I don't know.

SCULLY: I'm gonna check upstairs. (Scully goes upstairs and glances over the bannister, as she does she notices something about the papers) Oh my god.

MULDER: What is it?

SCULLY: Just come up here. (Mulder goes up the stairs) Look, (Mulder looks at the papers and sees that the binary sequences make a face) it's her, it's Ruby.




SCENE 14
LAKE OKOBOGEE. NATIONAL PARK
(It is night time and Mulder and Scully are driving to Lake Okobogee)

SCULLY: This is a longshot Mulder, they could be anywhere.

MULDER: You know when I was a kid, I had this ritual. I closed my eyes before I walked into my room, cause I thought that one day when I opened them my sister would be there. Just lying in bed, like nothing ever happened. You know I'm still walking into that room, everyday of my life. (Mulder notices something up ahead) Scully. (Scully looks to see what it is, it's Darlene's camper van. They pull up behind it and get out of the car. They run to the van) DARLENE!

(Mulder opens the door but there is no one inside)

SCULLY: Look, there's a trail ahead.

(Mulder and Scully follow the trail, after a moment they hear Darlene's cries as if she has fallen. Mulder and Scully run into the forest and find Darlene crawling along the trail)

MULDER: Are you ok?

DARLENE MORRIS: It's here, I saw it.

MULDER: Where's Kevin?

DARLENE MORRIS: I couldn't keep up with him.

SCULLY: Go ahead.

(Mulder runs off while Scully stays with Darlene. Mulder runs into a clearing and sees Kevin in the distance, a bright orange light appears in front of Kevin)

MULDER: KEVIN!

(Mulder stands watching Kevin as he walks towards the light, and then runs after him. Kevin stops as the light grows bigger, Mulder is still running to catch him. The light grows into multiple, smaller
lights, and we see that the lights belong to motorbikes. As Kevin realises they are bikes, he covers his eyes and Mulder picks him up and jumps to the ground with him. The bikes drive passed Mulder and Kevin on all sides. When all the bikes are passed, Mulder sits up and lifts Kevin off the ground)

You ok?

KEVIN MORRIS: She's back.

MULDER: Kevin I'm sorry but, I don't...

KEVIN MORRIS: She's here I know it.

MULDER: Kevin I don't think she is. I know how much you want it to be her, I did too.

SCULLY: MULDER!

(Hearing Scully's screams, Mulder gets up and runs with Kevin back to Scully)

MULDER: SCULLY!

(As Mulder and Kevin find Scully and Darlene, they see another girl lying on her back)

KEVIN MORRIS: RUBY!

SCULLY: She's unconcious but she's still alive.

MULDER: I'll get help.

(Mulder runs off)




SCENE 15
SIOUX CITY HOSPITAL
(Mulder and Scully are walking down a corridor, Scully has Ruby's chart)

SCULLY: Nurse says she been awake for almost an hour.

MULDER: Any ideas what caused the coma?

SCULLY: Eerrr, there's no sign of head trauma, no narcotic traces or electralight abnormalities, but her white blood cell count was skyhigh.

MULDER: By any chance was there attendant reduction in the lymphocyte population or a release of gluco-cordacoids?

(Mulder and Scully stops outside Ruby's room while Scully checks the chart)

SCULLY: Errmmm, actually both, how did you know that?

MULDER: They're symptoms of prolonged weightlessness. Shuttle astronauts have reported similar imbalances.

(Mulder looks through the window of the door and Scully knocks on it. Kevin opens the door.
We see Ruby lying in bed, awake)

SCULLY: Hi. (Mulder and Scully enter the room) Hi Ruby.

RUBY MORRIS: Who are you?

SCULLY: Ooh, we're with the FBI, I'm Special Agent Dana Scully and this is Fox Mulder.

RUBY MORRIS: My mom said you might be coming by.

SCULLY: How are you feeling?

RUBY MORRIS: Fine I guess.

MULDER: Where were you Ruby? Can you tell us?

KEVIN MORRIS: It's ok Ruby, he knows.

RUBY MORRIS: Ah, I'm not supposed to tell. They told me not to say.

MULDER: Who told you? (Ruby is afraid to say anything) Ruby, who told you?

DARLENE MORRIS: Sweetheart, you don't have to say anything.

(Darlene is standing in the doorway)

SCULLY: You're right, we should wait until Ruby gets a little stronger.

DARLENE MORRIS: Can we speak outside for a moment. (Mulder and Scully join Darlene outside Ruby's room) I think that it's best that we put all of this, behind us. I mean, hasn't Ruby been through enough already?

MULDER: I know how dis-oriented she must seem right now, but in a couple of weeks, maybe even a few days, we could..

DARLENE MORRIS: I don't want her talking to you, or anyone.

MULDER: She should be encouraged to tell her story, not to keep it inside, it's important that you let her.

DARLENE MORRIS: Important to who? I have my daughter back, I don't want anymore trouble. Besides she can hardly remember anything.

MULDER: But she will remember one day, one way or another, even if it's only in dreams. And when she does, she's gonna wanna talk about it, she's gonna need to talk about it.

DARLENE MORRIS: Like I did? Listen to me, all of my life I have been ridiculed, for speaking my mind.

MULDER: But it was the truth Darlene.

DARLENE MORRIS: The truth has caused me nothing but heartache, I don't want the same thing for her.

MULDER: It doesn't have to be that way for Ruby.

DARLENE MORRIS: As far as I'm concerned, she spent the last month on the back of a Harley Davidson.

MULDER: Is that what you're gonna tell Kevin?

DARLENE MORRIS: I'm sorry.

(Darlene walks back into Ruby's room, Kevin is standing at the door. Mulder goes to follow Darlene in but Scully puts her hand on Mulder's shoulder to stop him. Darlene brings Kevin inside and closes the door. Mulder storms up the corridor)




SCENE 16
(A tape is taken out of a tape recorder and turned over and put back in and play pressed. Scully is alone in a room, voices are heard from the tape recorder)
DR. HEITZ WERBER: But your eyes are open?

(Scully is going through the X-File on Mulder's sister)

MULDER: Yeah, they're open but it's like, nothing's happening.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: Try turning your head.

MULDER: I can't.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: Why not?

MULDER: I don't know. I can't move, so I don't...(We see a close-up of the tape being played, on it it says: F. Mulder hypnotic regression tape session number 2B: June 16) I just lie there in bed.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: Can you see your sister?

MULDER: No, but I can hear her.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: What is she saying?

(Scully lifts up a picture and looks at it)

MULDER: She's calling out my name, over and over again. (We see the picture is one of Mulder and his sister when they were kids. We see it is Mulder who is now holding the picture) She's crying out for help but I can't help her. I can't move. (We see that Mulder is sitting inside a church)

DR. HEITZ WERBER: Are you scared?

(Mulder starts crying)

MULDER: I know I should be but I'm not.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: Do you know why?

MULDER: Because of the voice.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: The voice?

MULDER: The voice in my head.

(Mulder keeps down on his knees and begins to pray)

DR. HEITZ WERBER: What's it telling you?

(The camera zooms away from Mulder as he prays)

MULDER: Not to be afraid. It's telling me no harm will come to her, and that one day she'll return.

DR. HEITZ WERBER: Do you believe the voice?

(The scene fades to black)

MULDER: I want to believe.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
NEW JERSEY, 1947
(It is a dark night and a single car is seen driving along a road, singing can be heard from within the car)

FAMILY: ..was his name-o, B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O, and Bingo was his name-o. There was a farmer had a dog and Bingo was his name-o, B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O, and Bingo was his name-o. There was a farmer had a dog and Bingo was his name-o, B-I-N-G-O

(Just then a sudden bang is heard from outside the car)

SON: Dad what was that? What's happening?

DAD: It's ok, it's ok, I just got a flat.

MOM: Ooh Noo.

DAD: No problem here honey.

(There is a flashlight lying on the ground shining on the car while the dad is removing the panelling to get to the wheel. The dad sets the panelling down and lifts his wheel wrench, in doing so, he knocks the flashlight down a hill at the side of the road)

Aaooh. Darn it.

(He throws down the wheel wrench and goes after the flashlight. We see the man pick up his flashlight and go back up the hill from the viewpoint of someone or something in the bushes watching him. The kids are sleeping in the car and the dad taps on the window beside his wife)

Honey, would you mind holding the light for a secaaaaaah....

(The dad is suddenly pulled backwards out of sight very quickly. The mom gets out of the car)

MOM: Paul. Paul. PAUL.

(The mom picks up the flashlight and shines it down the hill into the woods)

Where are you? Paul. What happened?

(We see the mom standing at the top of the hill holding the flashlight from the same viewpoint of something in the bushes. Next we see the the legs of the dad as he is being dragged into the woods)




SCENE 2
(It is dawn and the police are out in the woods with other men and their tracker dogs. The police officers and some of the men are carrying rifles. The dogs are sniffing on a scent when a voice calls out)
VOICE: Over here, we found something.

(The men all run off to where the voice was calling from. They go downhill and the dogs are anxious to get down)

MAN WITH DOGS: Easy, easy.

(The dead body of the dad is lying on the ground, the men look at each other)

POLICE OFFICER: His leg's been eaten off.

(Just then another voice calls out)

POLICE OFFICER 2: HEEYY, UP HERE.

(The men make their way back up the hill and run towards the area where the calls where made. Several police men are standing pointing their rifles into a cave)

IT'S IN HERE. IT'S AS TALL AS A HOUSE.

POLICE OFFICER 3: We can smoke him out.

POLICE OFFICER: And then what?

(From within the cave, we see the men all pointing their rifles into the cave, waiting)

POLICE OFFICER 2: I SEE IT.

POLICE OFFICER: He's coming at us.

(All the men begin shooting again and again)




SCENE 3
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON D.C.
(A man is typing on a computer and several voices can be heard in the background.
We see Scully walking through a busy office)

(Mulder is sitting, staring at a centrefold in "Hanky Panky" magazine. Scully walks in the door and sees what Mulder is looking at, she pauses and then puts her case on a desk and walks beside Mulder)

SCULLY: Working hard Mulder?

(Mulder turns the magazine around so that Scully can see it better)

MULDER: This woman claims to have been taken aboard a spaceship and held in an anti-gravity chamber without food and water for three days.

SCULLY: Anti-gravity's right. (Mulder throws the magazine onto the desk) Sorry to interrupt your serious investigation, but I just heard a story that'd just about take your knees out.

MULDER: What's that?

SCULLY: They found a body in the New Jersey woods yesterday, missing it's right arm and shoulder. They think they may have been eaten off, by a human.

MULDER: Where in New Jersey?

SCULLY: Just outside Atlantic City.

MULDER: Not an uncommon place to lose a body part. They think it's the mob?

SCULLY: Mmma, it was a homeless man. There doesn't seem to be a motive.

(Mulder gets up and gets his coat)

MULDER: You feeling lucky Scully?

SCULLY: Relative to whom? (Mulder is looking in a drawer in his office) It's not our case Mulder, the local police are handling it. (Mulder pulls out a file) An X-File?

MULDER: Ever hear of something called The Jersey Devil?

(Mulder hands the file to Scully)

SCULLY: Yeah, it's a beast that's supposed to come out of the woods and attack cars, right. Kind of like an East Coast Bigfoot.

MULDER: Read the file about the case in 1947.

(Mulder leaves the office, Scully closes the file and grabs her case and follows after Mulder)

SCULLY: Save me the trouble.

(Mulder and Scully walk back through the busy office)

MULDER: 1947, family watches dad get dragged off into the woods, cops find dad with a few appendages gnawed off. Cops corner a large naked man in the woods and gun `im down. (They stop at a desk) Autopsy shows human flesh and bones in the man's large intestine. A beast man. (Mulder talks to someone behind the desk) Requisition for a car please.

SCULLY: Is the autopsy report in here?

(Mulder fills in a requsition form)

MULDER: No, the original disappeared from the Patterson PD's files a few years after the incident. But there is a statement from the attending pathologist.

SCULLY: Mulder it's the same story I've heard since I was a kid. It's a folk tale, a myth.

MULDER: I heard the same story when I was a kid too, funny thing is, I believed it. (Mulder hands back the form to the person behind the desk and is given a set of keys) Thanks Doreen. (Mulder turns to face Scully) Fact is, we got a cannibalised body in New Jersey, someone or something out there is hungry.

(Mulder walks off and Scully turns and looks at him)




SCENE 4
ATLANTIC CITY MORGUE
(Mulder and Scully are in the morgue looking at the body of the victim. The coroner is there holding up the sheet which covers the body)

GLENNA: Er, they say animals can develop an appetite for human flesh but, this is no animal. You see the teeth marks, just below the clavicle, they're human.

(Glenna walks off and removes her surgical gloves)

MULDER: Who found the body?

GLENNA: Park Ranger.

(Scully is examing the body while Mulder walks to the feet of the body)

SCULLY: Was he alive when it happened?

GLENNA: Well, it's hard to tell.

(Mulder looks at the toe-tag, it reads:)

CORONER'S DEPARTMENT

NAME CROCKETT ROGER CASE NO. 2272 DATE AUG 29 / 93 WHERE TAKEN FROM: N.J. STATE PARK

There's a scull fracture but no sign of a struggle, his blood alcohol level was up, probably never knew what hit him.

MULDER: Any ideas about that?

GLENNA: The size of that bite mark, I'd say.......

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: I want this on the QT.

(A man walks around a corner into view, and approaches the three of them)

GLENNA: .......large adult male.

MAN: I'll do my best.

GLENNA: Er, Detective Thompson is handling the case.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Glenna?

(Scully shows her id to the detective)

SCULLY: Hi, I'm Special Agent Dana Scully and this is Agent Fox Mulder.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: I don't remember anybody calling the, FBI in on this.

MULDER: Well we're not here on an official capacity, Agent Scully's a medical doctor, we heard about your victim and, she thought she might take a look.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: I'm sorry, I'm gonna ask you to leave. We have an investigation.

GLENNA: For God's sakes Tommy, this is no time to get pissy.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: We have jurisdiction here.

MULDER: Any suspects yet Detective?

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: I don't work for you sir, and unless you hear different from the Attorney General, er, this case is a local matter.

SCULLY: Agent Mulder, we should go.

MULDER: There's no need to get bent outta shape.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: On the contrary, I think I've been exceedingly polite.

(Mulder and the detective stand there staring at each other for a few moments, and then Mulder leaves)




SCENE 5
OUTSIDE
(Mulder and Scully walk along a street until they reach their car)

MULDER: So what's eating that guy?

SCULLY: He was perfectly in his rights. The FBI has no overriding jurisdiction in a murder case. Anyway, you'd feel the same way if someone was horning in on your work.

MULDER: Yeah, chances are he's without a clue. He'll probably be scratching his head when they bring the next body in.

SCULLY: You missed your opening Mulder, you could've really humiliated him and er, told him who the perpetrator was, The Jersey Devil. (Mulder laughs)

(Mulder stands beside the car and talks to Scully, who is standing on the other side of the car)

MULDER: Hey whatta you say, we grab a hotel, take in a floor show, drop a few quarters in the slot, do a little digging on this case.

SCULLY: You're kidding right.

MULDER: Ok, we can skip the floor show.

SCULLY: Mulder I have to be back in D.C.

MULDER: What you gotta date?

SCULLY: No, I have my godson's birthday party at 6:30. (Mulder throws the car keys across the top of the car, Scully catches them) What are you doing?

MULDER: A little poking around, maybe make a weekend out of it.

(Mulder walks off)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's a three hour drive back by myself...(Mulder waves to Scully)...in Friday night traffic, ooowh.




SCENE 6
CASINO
(We see people playing slots machines, playing at the crap tables. Mulder is standing beside a telephone, looking through a telephone directory. He runs his finger down a page until he finds what he is looking for:

PARKS SERVICES - STATE OF NEW JERSEY Parks Information - General Inquiries ....555 - 9573

Mulder lifts the phone)




SCENE 7
NEW JERSEY STATE PARK
(Mulder and a Park Ranger get out of the ranger's pick-up truck and walk a couple of feet away from it)

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Found the body just over there, lying face down in the rocks. Thirty-two years with the park service, I've come across some weird stuff but I tell ye, never anything like this.

MULDER: Victim was a homeless man, you get many of them wandering around out here?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Well, occasionally ar, see some but, most are scared of the woods.

MULDER: Scared? Of what?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: I don't know, the devil.

MULDER: People say that's just a myth.

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Depends on who you talk to.

MULDER: What do you think?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Well like I said, now thirty-two years, I see alot of weird stuff. Like one time, a little over four years ago, I saw what I thought was a, large man come out of a, copse of birch trees, not, not a stitch of clothing. And he was about, sixty yards away, and he starts, sniffing the air, you know like a dog. And then he looks straight at me, and I swear he smelled me because he took off into the woods so fast, you'd swear it wasn't human.

MULDER: Really. You never saw him again?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: No, but I feel him. And, I found things, some scat, half buried like a cat's only more human. Found a half eaten rabbit with what looked like a human cuspid tooth in it. And some deer bones, looked like they'd been sharpened into tools.

MULDER: You think it might be what's responsible for the body you found?

(The ranger laughs slightly)

RANGER PETER BOULAY: I got a pension coming up in a few years, you know, you say the wrong thing.

MULDER: Yeah.

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Er, I'll tell you one thing, I don't ever come out here without my weapon anymore.

MULDER: How far is it into town from here?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: `Bout a mile, mile and a half.

MULDER: I'm staying at the Galaxy Gateway for the next couple of days, if you think of anything, will you call me?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Sure.

(Mulder walks off down a path in the woods)




SCENE 8
SCULLY'S GOD-SON'S BIRTHDAY PARTY, D.C.
(We see a gorilla mask and the wearer runs into a room, from which another kid runs also wearing a gorilla mask and carring a plastic baseball bat. He runs into a wall and falls on his back and starts to cry. Scully comes to see what has happened)

SCULLY: Oh c'mon, it's ok, it's alright, what happened, did you bump your head? Hhmmm.

(A dog is licking the birthday cake while the kids cheer at it, a woman lifts the dog onto the floor)

ELLEN: Oh Peter, stop that. (Scully comes in holding the kid who hurt himself) What, what happened?

SCULLY: Jungle warfare.

ELLEN: Aaar, I'm gonna kill that dog.

SCULLY: If the hit squad doesn't get to him before you do.

(Scully and Ellen laugh)

ELLEN: I'm so glad you're here Dana.

(Ellen hears the breaking of glass and goes to find out what is broken)

(All the kids are sitting around a table eating food, Scully lifts an empty plate and goes into the kitchen, where Ellen is washing dishes)

SCULLY: Oooh, you're amazing.

ELLEN: What?

SCULLY: You're just such a natural at all this, I don't know how you keep it all together.

ELLEN: Mommy radar.

SCULLY: Mmmm, I don't think I'm cut out for this El.

ELLEN: Dana, you went through the FBI academy, what better training could there be for motherhood. (Scully lifts out a large plastic container from a cupboard and opens it) Seriously, you're great with kids, what're you talking about.

SCULLY: When am I supposed to find the time?

ELLEN: Well first you have to get a life.

SCULLY: Ooooh.

ELLEN: And, of course, it helps if you can find a man.

SCULLY: Know of any?

ELLEN: Yeah, they're disappearing faster than the Brazilian rain forest. What about that guy you work with?

SCULLY: Mulder?

ELLEN: Yeah, I thought you said he was cute.

SCULLY: He's a jerk. He's not a jerk, he's erm, he's obsessed with his work.




SCENE 9
(Mulder is walking along the path. We see Mulder from the viewpoint of someone or something watching him. Mulder continues his walk, not aware that he is being watched)
(Scully's godson's party is still going, when there is a ring of the doorbell, Scully answers it. A man stands outside the door)

ROB: Hi.

SCULLY: Hi.

ROB: I'm Rob, I'm Scott's dad.

SCULLY: Oh, come in.

ROB: Thanks. Hey Tiger. How you doing? Are you having a good time?

(Rob crouches to talk to his son, Scully watches him and smiles. Ellen is along the hallway talking on the phone, she puts her hand over the mouthpiece and quietly says something to Scully)

ELLEN: Divorced.

(Scully looks back at Rob, who turns and looks at Scully and smiles. Scully coyly smiles, puts her head down and looks away)




SCENE 10
OUTSKIRTS OF ATLANTIC CITY
6:47 P.M.
(Mulder walks along a street filled with homeless people living in cardboard boxes. The street is littered with boxes and cars stripped of anything valuable)

MULDER: Did anybody here know Roger Crockett? (No one acknowledges Mulder's request) He was murdered two days ago. (Mulder tries to talk to a woman as she goes passed but she just ignores him) Ma'am, can I..

VAGRANT WOMAN: Hey honey, have you got any change to spare?

MULDER: Roger Crockett? Anybody?

(A man gets up and walks towards Mulder)

JACK: What d'you wanna know?

MULDER: Did you know Roger Crockett? (The man nods his head) Did you hear how he died?

JACK: Yeah.

MULDER: Any ideas who might've done it?

JACK: You a cop?

MULDER: No, I'm FBI.

JACK: I'll show you something.

MULDER: Ok.

(Jack leads Mulder through a door and into and alleyway)

JACK: I need some money.

(Mulder takes some money out ot his wallet and gives it to Jack. Jack rummages in a black bag, in amongst a sheltered area, and pulls out a piece of paper from a small plastic bag. He unfolds it and shows it to Mulder. It looks like a man, but more like a beastly kind of man)

MULDER: What is this?

JACK: Stuck in the pocket of a jacket I found.

MULDER: Does it mean anything to you?

JACK: I've seen it.

MULDER: Where?

JACK: Right here, digging in the trash..

MULDER: Here? Are you hustling me?

JACK: Swear to God.

MULDER: Who do you think it is?

JACK: I don't know, scared the hell out of me.

MULDER: Has anybody else seen it?

JACK: Oh yeah, everybody's pretty freaked.

MULDER: Anybody told the cops?

JACK: You think they don't know.

MULDER: Where're you sleeping tonight?

JACK: You're standing in my bedroom.

MULDER: You know the er, The Galaxy Gateway? (Mulder gives Jack his room key) Room 756. Go ahead.

JACK: Hey, they got HBO?

(Mulder laughs)

MULDER: Yeah, they do.




SCENE 11
ALLEYWAY
(It's night time and Mulder is sitting in Jack's bedroom with a blanket wrapped round him. As he tries to go to sleep he hears a noise, at first glance he can't see anything but he gets up and
quietly looks around)

(He notices a figure at the end of the alleyway searching in the trash. Mulder slowly advances to get a better look at the figure. Suddenly the figure starts sniffing the air, but soon continues to
resume searching in the trash. The figure then climbs over a fence and out of sight. Mulder runs and jumps up the fence and sees the figure running along a catwalk)

(Mulder then rushes out of the alleyway and into the street to see if he can see where the figure is going, as it runs along the roof of a building, Mulder whistles at it. It stops and looks over the edge of the building at him. A police car and police van approach from behind Mulder and the figure moves on. The headlights from the police car shine into Mulder eyes, the vehicles come to a stop and a police officer gets out of the car)

POLICE OFFICER: Sir.

(Mulder points up to the roof)

MULDER: You got a man up on that roof.

POLICE OFFICER: Nothing to be afraid of, we're gonna give ye a warm place to sleep it off.

(The police officer grabs Mulder by the arm but Mulder shakes it off)

MULDER: Hey back off.

POLICE OFFICER: Alright, calm down.

MULDER: I'm telling you, there's a man up on that roof.

POLICE OFFICER: Get in the car, now.




SCENE 12
ATLANTIC CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT
(Mulder is sitting in a small white room, empty except for a table and some chairs. Through a window in the door, Detective Thompson peers through before entering)

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: What the hell do you think you're doing?

MULDER: Enjoying the night life here in beautiful Atlantic City.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: I'll go right to the D.A.'s office if I have to, obstructing an investigation, misconduct.

MULDER: That's good, let's go see her together, and while we're at it, why don't we add withholding evidence to the list.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Whatta you talking about?

MULDER: Statements given to you describing something stalking the back streets of Atlantic City.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: This is the fishing trip they get me up at three-o-clock in the morning for. Unbelievable.

MULDER: Why else would you be sweeping the streets tonight? You know it's out there.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: I got a perpetrator out there. Whether it's Hannibal the Cannibal or Elmer Fudd, I've got a job, to protect people.

MULDER: Oh is that your job, or is it to keep the dice rolling, keep the tour buses rolling in. You can't fill those casinos, this town disappears like a quarter down the slot. (There is a brief pause of silence) I've seen it.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Seen what?

(Mulder reaches into his back pocket and pulls out the piece of paper with the drawing of the creature. He unfolds it and shows it to Detective Thompson, who looks at it and laughs)

You've been spending too much time in supermarket check-out lines.

(Detective Thompson folds the paper up again and throws it onto the table)

This story's as old as the hills.

MULDER: Who's going to be responsible when you lose your first tourist, Detective? You are.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: No, you are sir, because you're wasting my time, and impeding the solution of this case. (Detective Thompson opens the door and stands by it) You wanna go on a safari, go to Africa. In the meantime, enjoy the rest of your weekend.

(He leaves, closing the door behind him, and leaving Mulder sitting by himself)




SCENE 13
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON D.C.
(Scully is walking through the same busy office, we've seen at the start, another agent calls to her from behind a desk)

AGENT: Agent Scully, Agent Mulder line three.

(Scully picks up the phone on the desk beside her, and answers line three)

SCULLY: Where are you?

MULDER: I'm not far from where you left me.

SCULLY: You're still in Atlantic City?

MULDER: Er Scully, you got anything happening this morning?

SCULLY: What's that noise in the background?

(We see Mulder is talking on a payphone outside a jail cell. In the cell is a man, bent over)

MULDER: That's a guy getting sick.

SCULLY: Mulder where are you? (We see Scully again, Mulder has just told her where he is) The drunk tank.

(Another agent is looking at Scully, she turns away and continues to listen to Mulder)




SCENE 14
ATLANTIC CITY
(Mulder and Scully are walking along a street, Mulder's clothes look dirty)

SCULLY: Well, it's not hard to see why they mistook you for a vagrant.

MULDER: You gonna rag on me or you gonna take me to get something to eat?

SCULLY: Am I buying or did you manage to pan-handle some spare change while you were at it?




SCENE 15
A RESTAURANT IN ATLANTIC CITY
(Mulder and Scully are sitting at a table, Mulder is eating a meal, he appears to be very hungry, talking at times with food in his mouth. Scully is drinking coffee)

MULDER: It moved like a cat, quick and graceful. There's no way a human could've got up on the roof that fast.

SCULLY: Mulder.

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: What's gonna happen when word of this gets back to the bureau?

MULDER: They dropped the charges, that guy Thompson, he ran me through the system just to spite me.

SCULLY: I'm talking about this Jersey Devil thing.

MULDER: I saw it, it's exactly the way the ranger described it, the way it moved, the way it sniffed the air. It's come out of the woods, probably in search of food.

SCULLY: Hyeah, I'll say.

MULDER: It was peeking through the garbage Scully, if it was a man-eater, why didn't it come after me? Probably felt threatened in some way..

SCULLY: Mulder, listen to yourself. You're already ascribing it a motive and an alibi. This thing, chewing somebody's arm off is not exactly a defensive posture.

MULDER: But you do believe that I saw something, don't ye?

SCULLY: You saw something, I'll give you that but I'm not about to go in and sell it. Not when it's nothing more than a sighting in a dark alley.

MULDER: I still got a hotel room I'm paying for.

SCULLY: Yeah well, I have got to get back to Washington by 7:30, so er..

MULDER: Another birthday party?

SCULLY: No. I have a date.

(Mulder looks at Scully)

MULDER: Can you cancel?

SCULLY: Unlike you Mulder, I would like to have a life.

MULDER: I have a life!

(Mulder and Scully look at each other, Scully looks away with a slight laugh)

SCULLY: C'mon, I have somebody I want you to meet, on the way home. C'mon.

(Mulder, with a mouth full of food, lifts his hand and gives a consenting grunt. He wants to finish his meal)




SCENE 16
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND
(Mulder pours himself a cup of coffee, Scully is standing, arms crossed, beside another man who is talking)

DR. DIAMOND: Just about every culture has one. Yetis, Sasquatch, Russian Almas, Dsonoqua.

MULDER: Why is that?

DR. DIAMOND: Oh, it's a kind of universal wild man myth. A symbolic fear of our dual natures as humans, as creators of life and destroyers of it.

MULDER: What's this chart?

(Dr. Diamond walks towards Mulder and the chart)

DR. DIAMOND: It shows the historic entry of man onto each continent and the effect it had on other animal species, which as you see has been disastrous.

MULDER: Why?

(Mulder goes to sit down)

DR. DIAMOND: Well, we humans have retained hereditary traits through evolution that have proven to be extremely destructive. We tend to be tribal and aggressively territorial, oriented by selfish sexual and reproductive drives that make, co-operation beyond the family-a-tribe, extremely hard for us.

MULDER: So we kill other species in order to survive.

SCULLY: Yeah, humans are top carnivores, we sit at the top of the food chain and we, reduce other species' chance of survival.

DR. DIAMOND: Nice to know Dana left here with more than a degree.

MULDER: But what if something entered the food chain above us?

(Dr. Diamond pouts himself a cup of coffee now, and walks back towards Mulder and Scully, at a table)

DR. DIAMOND: It won't happen, see our intelligence virtually insures us, barring the introduction of some alien life-form, we will live out our days as rulers of the world.

MULDER: But, but what if through some fluke of nature, a human was born, who reverted to it's most animal instincts, a kind of carnivorous neanderthal. Wouldn't he occupy a space above us on the food chain?

DR. DIAMOND: Oh sure, all he'd have to do is wait outside any fast-food restaurant and eat us on the way in.

MULDER: Right, yeah, an.and, and haven't there been cases were, men have been raised in the wilderness by animals who have no language and hunt like predators?

DR. DIAMOND: Oh yes several, but you see cannibalism is rare, even among the lower mammals.

MULDER: But even when faced with extinction?

DR. DIAMOND: Well maybe in the jungles of New Gineau or, it's just, highly unlikely that what you're suggesting could've survived civilization, a revolution, out in the woods of New Jersey.

MULDER: Yea, highly unlikely, but not outside the realm of extreme possibility?

DR. DIAMOND: Well, it would be an amazing discovery.

(Dr. Diamond nods his head a few times. Mulder looks back at Scully.
Nothing is said, but she turns to look away)




SCENE 17
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON D.C.
X-FILES OFFICE
(Mulder is sitting, looking at some photos, in a dark room. Photos connected to the Jersey Devil, both photographs of footprints and the drawing of the creature)




SCENE 18
(Scully is sitting in a fancy restaurant with Rob. Both are well dressed and they are sitting at a table with a candle in the middle and they both have a drink in front of them)
ROB: Well the hard thing was when my wife remarried I... Suddenly I felt very competitive for my
son's attention. It was weird.

SCULLY: I'm sure.

ROB: I became a superdad on the weekends with Scott, I, had this unconscious fear of being
replaced. I actually had dreams where I was running over his step-father with my car. Well,
you'll understand when you have kids, having kids changes everything.

SCULLY: That's what they say.

ROB: Maybe some weekend, if you're up for it, we could er, take the kids out to the beach for the
day.

(A waiter brings Scully and Rob's meals to them)

SCULLY: Yeah.

ROB: Great. (Scully looks at Rob and smiles. The waiter puts Rob's meal down in front of him)
Thank you. (The waiter leaves) So, can I ask about the case you're on or, can't you say.

(Scully picks up a piece of food on her fork, looks at Rob cutting his food and pauses)

SCULLY: I don't think it's a case we should discuss over dinner.

ROB: I don't suppose you'd wanna hear about the, finer points of the state planning and taxation.

(Scully looks up at Rob and smiles, she continues to eat her meal)

(Mulder takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes, he looks at the time on a clock on the wall, it is 7:55 p.m.. The phone rings)

MULDER: Mulder.

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Agent Mulder, this is Peter Boulay of the Jersey Parks Department.

MULDER: Oh yeah, hi.

(Peter Boulay is talking from his rangers's truck, in what appears to be part of the park)

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Hi, I found a body out in the woods today, it looks like it's been dead about six to eight months. A long haired male, missing the same tooth I found in that rabbit a while back. It could be your devil.

MULDER: Where's the body now?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: I turned it over to the coroner's office.

MULDER: You're sure it was a male?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Well, it had all the plumbing.

ROB: Excuse me.

(Rob lifts a small milk jug to pour into his coffee)

SCULLY: Eef-hhmmm. (Scully's beeper goes off) Sorry. (She opens her handbag and checks the message on the beeper. She closes her bag again and gets up from the table) Excuse me.

ROB: Certainly.

(The phone in Mulder's office rings again)

MULDER: Scully.

SCULLY: Mulder.

MULDER: Sorry to interrupt your evening.

(Scully is using a phone in the restaurant)

SCULLY: That's ok, what's up?

MULDER: I just had an amazing thought, maybe it isn't a beast-man we're looking for after all.

(Mulder is holding up the drawing of the creature)




SCENE 19
ATLANTIC CITY MORGUE
(Glenna is looking through a filing cabinet, and pulls out a file. She walks back towards Scully and the ranger, Mulder is walking beside her)

GLENNA: Well, if they picked it up, nobody logged the body on the chart. I sure haven't seen it.

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Well, I don't understand. What else would they have done with it?

SCULLY: I'm afraid we may have called you down here for nothing.

(Scully is talking to Dr. Diamond, who is also standing with the others)

MULDER: They're going to try and sweep this whole thing under the carpet.

DR. DIAMOND: Why?

MULDER: Any publicity and you're got the streets crawling with the kind of people who aren't here to play the crap tables. Word gets out there's something still on the loose, forget it.

DR. DIAMOND: You said it was a female.

MULDER: The body they found was a male, there's a fifty-fifty chance there was a mate. We may never know unless we find out ourselves.

DR. DIAMOND: If it's true, what're the chances of catching it alive?




SCENE 20
ALLEYWAY
(Mulder is cutting the wire attaching the wire fence to the metal post with a small pair of wire-cutters)

DR. DIAMOND: If it is a primate, it would have a natural fear of heights. It would also want to stay close to it's food source.

(Mulder steps through the fence and holds it back so that Scully, Dr. Diamond and Peter Boulay can get through. The ranger is carrying a rifle)

MULDER: This thing has no fear of heights. We'll stay together and start with the lower floors. How much time will that dart give us?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: It'll put down a five hundred pound bear for an hour, if I hit it.

(They all enter a building, the same building that Mulder saw the creature enter and run across the roof. It is an old building, with bars on the doors and windows, the windows have been smashed)

(Out on the street, a police car drives by and stops when the two officers inside the car notice the ranger's truck)

POLICE OFFICER 1: What the hell's a park ranger vehicle doing here?

POLICE OFFICER 2: I don't know.

POLICE OFFICER 1: Check it out.

(Both officers get out of the car, the first one walks off while the second one lifts the radio)

POLICE OFFICER 2: Run a check for me on a...

(Back inside the building, Scully is walking past some lockers while Dr. Diamond is looking at a pile of rubbish. He lifts a few empty bags and plastic covers, and then he notices something. He crouches down and picks up a piece of cloth and smells it)

DR. DIAMOND: Something here. (The others arrive at the location of Dr. Diamond, who gets up) It's blood. She could be bringing her killing here. She could be injured.

(A S.W.A.T. team member stands outside the building and turns looking at the surroundings, he is holding a machine gun and has a headpiece on)

S.W.A.T. TEAM OFFICER: Roger, zebra team in position.

(More S.W.A.T. team men gather outside an entrance to the building with one man pointing out directions for the others)

(Everyone is still looking inside, but now they are up a few floors. Mulder peers over a railing and looks down, Scully comes near)

MULDER: What if it is a female Scully? How close is she to you or me? Does she feel emotion? Or are her days just spent looking for food?

SCULLY: Maybe, she spends her day shopping.

MULDER: Eight million years out of Africa, I don't think we're all that different.

(S.W.A.T. team members are running quietly through the bottom floor of the building)

SCULLY: Mulder, we've put men into space, we've built computers that work faster than the human mind.

MULDER: While we over-populate the world and create new technologies to kill each other with. Maybe we're just beasts with big brains. (Scully is standing, not moving, a still face gazing into nothingness) What?

SCULLY: No I was just, thinking about my godson's birthday party, eight little six year old boys running around, talk about primitive behaviour.

(Mulder hears the voice of Detective Thompson and peers, once again, over the railing. He sees the detective standing talking to Dr. Diamond with a couple of police officers standing beside them)

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Now look, his name is Mulder and he's a federal agent, you ever hear of him?

DR. DIAMOND: No.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: You know him?

DR. DIAMOND: No.

(Mulder puts his finger to his mouth, Scully turns and looks down over the railing as well)

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Well what are you doing here?

DR. DIAMOND: I'm a professor of Anthropology.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Mulder, does that sound familar to you? Look, I know he's here somewhere. Would you check you upstairs Andrew, go check upstairs. I want this place searched...

(Mulder and Scully continue their search of the higher levels of the building. Outside, two S.W.A.T. members appear on a bridge looking into the building, they take a quick look and then run on)

(Mulder is looking through a room and stops, suddenly he hears a noise and as he looks in the direction of the noise, a figure runs past a window. Mulder gives chase, Scully hears the sounds of Mulder's feet running as she is close by. Mulder stops after coming around a corner and walks slowly along the corridor. Mulder hears Scully's voice, quiet and soft as not to arouse the attention of the police)

SCULLY: Mulder? Mulder where are you?

(Mulder looks out a window and sees the figure, the beast-woman, running across the top off an adjacent building. Scully is walking down a corridor, looking for Mulder as well as the beast. Mulder jumps onto the roof of the other building and as he lands, rolls over and scrambles to his feet, trying to catch up with the beast. Scully appears in the same corridor Mulder was in recently. When she peers out a window, she sees Mulder running across the top of the other building)

(The S.W.A.T team is quickly making their way up through the building)

(Scully lands on top of the roof of the other buidling, and like Mulder, rolls on landing. She takes out her gun and gets to her feet, crouching under large metal girders, making her way to where she saw Mulder going)

(Mulder is crawling slowly on his hands and feet, making no noise, trying to hear where the beast might be. The creature walks quickly and quietly across a boarded walkway on top of the roof, close to where Mulder is. As the creature goes passed, Mulder jumps up onto the walkway and runs after the beast)

(The walkway leads down some steps and into a dark building. Mulder slows his pursuit once inside the building, he reaches the bottom of the steps and enters a dark room, cautiously looking it over. Beams of light shine in through the spaces of a fan as the fan is spinning. Mulder looks along one side of a piece of machinery and then back towards the fan. Suddenly the beast jumps Mulder and they both fall to the ground. Mulder lands on his back, and lifts his head trying to see where the beast has gone and wondering what it might do to him. The beast appears from the darkness and sits on Mulder's legs. Mulder lies back, breathing heavily, waiting)

(Scully has made her way to the top of the steps, and descends slowly with her gun trained in front of her. The beast backs off from Mulder and Mulder tries to sit up, as he does so the beast-woman swipes at him, knocking him back to the ground and hitting his head. Scully approaches the bottom of the steps)

SCULLY: Mulder?

(The beast-woman runs off, Scully quickly runs down the last few steps)

MULDER: Scully.

(Mulder is sitting up when Scully enters the room, she puts away her gun, and attends to Mulder)

SCULLY: Lay back. Oh, Mulder you're hurt.

MULDER: You should've seen her, she was beautiful.

SCULLY: Yeah well, she just about ripped your lungs out.




SCENE 21
OUTSIDE BUILDING
(Mulder is sitting in the back of an ambulance getting medical attention, he is holding his shirt up while a medic attends to his wound. Dr. Diamond is sitting in the ambulance also)

MULDER: She could've torn my head off Scully but she didn't, she sensed that I wasn't a threat..

AMBULANCE DUDE: You've gotta hold still.

(Scully is talking on her cellular)

SCULLY: Yeah I need to talk somebody who can get me federal jurisdiction on this case. Mulder.

MULDER: What?

DR. DIAMOND: How old would you say she was?

(Both Scully and Dr. Diamond are talking to Mulder at the same time but he turns his attention to Scully)

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: The US assistant D.A.'s on the phone with the bureau right now, he wants to know what the hell is going on up here in Atlantic City.

MULDER: Well tell him he's got a real live neanderthal on the loose. She was young, I, I, I don't know...It's hard to say exactly what, what, what...

SCULLY: The Atlantic City major crime unit has filed a complaint that we're endangering a murder investigation.

MULDER: That is such crap, you can..

(The ranger comes over to the ambulance)

RANGER PETER BOULAY: Agent Mulder, they got her cornered, in a building.

MULDER: Let's go.

(The S.W.A.T. team have followed the beast-woman into another room.
One officer is talking on a walkie-talkie)

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Can you see it?

S.W.A.T. TEAM OFFICER: It crawled into the walls.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Can you get a man in there?

S.W.A.T. TEAM OFFICER: That's affirmative.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: And keep these people outta here.

(Two police officers restrain Mulder as he tries to get past)

MULDER: You could take her alive.

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: What's going on in there?

S.W.A.T. TEAM OFFICER: I got a man down, I got a naked woman just jumped from a second storey window. (The S.W.A.T. officer is looking out of a window as he is talking) Suspect is headed south into the woods on foot.




SCENE 22
NEW JERSEY STATE PARK
(Police officers with tracker dogs approach the woods. Mulder, Scully, Dr. Diamond and the ranger all travel to the woods in the ranger's truck. They come to a stop at the woods and they all get out
of the truck)

RANGER PETER BOULAY: I know these woods, if she's going for cover, she'll be down by the rocks.

(They make their way into the woods. Meanwhile, the police are tracking through the forest slowly. As the others make their way to the top of a rockface, the ranger notices the beast-woman and points her out)

Look.

MULDER: Can you reach her from here?

RANGER PETER BOULAY: I can try.

(Peter aims at the beast-woman and fires, the dart hits her in the back of the right shoulder. She pulls the dart out and continues on her way. Mulder leads the others down the side of the rockface, holding his side, and they run across a bridge. Down by the river, with the bridge still in sight, Detective Thompson comes into view. As the others come to the end of the bridge, they hear gunshots and run in the direction from where they came)

VOICES: I got it. Up ahead. I got it. She tried to take my arm off. Watch it right here.

(A man is sitting holding his arm, as Mulder arrives at the scene of the shooting, blood staining his shirt from his wound, he stops and looks at the scene and advances to the body of the beast-woman)

Right there. Looks like she was trying to bury herself.

(The beast-woman lies dead on the ground, leaves partially covering her lower back and legs. Mulder crouches down beside her and pulls back her hair and moves his hand over her eyes, shutting them. He pauses for a moment and them gets up and walks over to Detective Thompson)

MULDER: Why did you have to kill her?

DETECTIVE THOMPSON: Same reason you kill a rabid animal.

(Mulder stands looking at the detective, Scully moves to Mulder and touches his arm. Mulder looks at Scully, without saying a word, Scully walks off, followed by Mulder. Peter Boulay looks from the detective to the body)




SCENE 23
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON D.C.
X-FILES OFFICE
ONE WEEK LATER
(Mulder is looking at a photos of the body of the dead beast-woman, he puts them with the rest of the file into a filing cabinet. Scully enters the office carrying a file. Mulder sits down, Scully passes
something to Mulder)

SCULLY: Hi, this just came through, it's the posthumous medical exam on the woman's body. They found fragments of human bones still in her digestive tract, they estimated her age to be twenty-five to thirty years. Now they allowed Dr. Diamond to do a medical exam of the body but he found nothing that suggested prehistoric bone structure or physiology. Now the ACPD has her listed as a Jane Doe, and a search for her identity in state psychiatric records has begun, in earnest.

MULDER: Good luck.

(Scully gives Mulder the file she is holding)

SCULLY: They have also released the medical exam from the male body that they found, his age is estimated to be about forty years.

MULDER: There would have been offspring.

SCULLY: The medical exam of the women's uterus does seem to indicate that she may have given birth.

MULDER: She was just protecting her children Scully, it all makes sense. (Mulder gets up and gets his coat from behind the door) The male dies and she comes out of the woods in search of food.

SCULLY: Mulder will you do me a favour, will you just go out and have a beer, will you take the day off. I'll cover for you, will you just, take some time for yourself.

MULDER: Thanks for the offer but I've got an appointment at the Smithsonian with.. (The phone rings)...an ethno-biologist, I can't wait to tell him about this. (Mulder answers the phone) Mulder, yeah just a second, it's for you.

(Scully takes the phone and Mulder rushes out of the office)

SCULLY: Hello?

ROB: Hi Dana, it's Rob.

SCULLY: Oh hi.

(Rob is sitting behind a large desk, in an office or a study, books line the shelves behind him)

ROB: Sorry to call you at work, it's just I have Scott for the night and er, we have two extra tickets for Cirque De Soliel, we thought maybe you'd like to ask Ellen if you could take Trent and join us.

(Mulder approaches a reception desk at the head of a busy office)

MULDER: Requisition for a car please Fran. Thank you. (Mulder is filling out the form when Scully arrives) Who was that on the phone?

SCULLY: A guy.

MULDER: A guy. Same guy as the guy you had dinner with the other night?

SCULLY: Same guy.

MULDER: You gonna have dinner with him again?

SCULLY: I don't think so.

MULDER: No interest?

(Mulder finishes filling in the form and passes it back to Fran)

SCULLY: Not at this time.

(Fran gives Mulder a set of keys)

MULDER: Thanks Fran. (Mulder walks away from the desk and towards a door. Scully walks with him) What are you doing?

SCULLY: I'm going with you to the Smithsonian.

MULDER: Don't you have a life Scully?

SCULLY: Keep that up Mulder and I'll hurt you like that beast-woman.

(Scully stops at the door, her hand on the handle)

MULDER: Eight million years out of Africa.

(Scully opens the door)

SCULLY: Look who's holding the door.

(Mulder walks through the doorway followed by Scully)




SCENE 24
NEW JERSEY STATE PARK
(A man and a boy are walking through the woods, wearing backpacks)

BOY: Dad, did you just see something down there?

DAD: Where?

(The boy points to part of the woods)

BOY: Over there.

DAD: Naah, I'm sure it was nothing.

BOY: No, I saw something.

DAD: Hey, did you ever hear the story of the Jersey Devil? You know when I was a kid, my dad
used to tell this story about a creature who lived out down the woods...

(As the father and son walk off, the camera pans down to the ground and from a hole appears the face of a young girl. The offspring of the beasts)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
HTG INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES
PHILADELPHIA, PA
HOWARD GRAVES' OFFICE
(Pan along the desk. We see Howard Graves' name plate and a plaque that reads 'One to-day is worth two to-morrows Ben Franklin', pictures of Howard Graves with past and present presidents. LAUREN KYTE takes the pictures of Howard and Clinton off the wall and looks at it while crying. A co-worker, JANE, enters)

JANE: Lauren, I've been looking everywhere! (Lauren puts the picture down) Are you all right? You want some water?

LAUREN: No, I'm fine.

JANE: Oh honey, it's been a couple of weeks now. Do you want to talk?

LAUREN: No. Really, Jane, I'm OK. It's just that I don't know a lot of people who have died, that's all. I've never known anyone that's killed themselves.

JANE: Oh, maybe after everything gets packed away it will get easier. There won't be a constant reminder. Here's your paycheck. (Jane hands it to Lauren.) Come on... go home.

LAUREN: Ok. (Jane leaves. Lauren is about to leave and the plaque of Ben Franklin's saying moves on the desk. Lauren goes over and picks it up. She takes it with her and leaves.)




SCENE 2
NIGHT - ATM MACHINE

(Lauren is at the machine and makes the deposit of her paycheck. She is attacked by two men who take her into an alley. She screams)



SCENE 3
TWO HOURS LATER

(Two teens are walking by the same alley. A male and female. The male sniffs in the large garbage dumpster and waves the stink away. He looks up and sees a fire escape.)
MALE: Hey... I know a great place to crash... up that fire escape. Come on. I'll give you a boost.

(He hikes the girl on his shoulders as she tries to pull it down, but it's jammed. A body falls from above to their left and another body falls from the fire escape ladder. They are the two attackers of Lauren Kyte and the girl screams. They both run off.)





SCENE 4
BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL
BETHESDA, MD

(Mulder, Scully and another man walk into the morgue where two corpses lie under sheets on the slabs. On the other side of the room there are two women and a man standing there.)

MAN: Agent Scully, Agent Mulder, Chief Blevins assures us of your cooperation. We regret any inconvenience at this extreme hour.
WOMAN: We hope your expertise in extraordinary phenomena matters will help us in our investigation.

MULDER: You're not FBI, are you?

SECOND WOMAN: Have you ever seen anything like this before? (She hands Mulder and chart and pulls the sheet off one of the corpse's body. His arm flinches) Abnormal post mortem muscle reflex. Both corpses are still responding to high levels of electrostatic charge.

SCULLY: Any sign of external legions or surface burns?

SECOND WOMAN: None.

MULDER: Time of death? (She doesn't answer, just looks at the other two in the corner.)

SCULLY: Well, it can't be long. The body's still warm.

SECOND WOMAN: Somatic death occurred sometime over 6 hours ago. Their body temperatures have yet to drop below 98.3 degrees.

MULDER: Where did you find them? (No answer) Look, at least tell us the mode of transport. That might tell us why the bodies haven't cooled. (Still no answer from them) Hey, you called us down here. If you want some answers you have to give some. (The man finally answers)

MAN: They traveled 60 minutes by air.

MULDER: Thank you.

SECOND WOMAN: The most troubling aspect of their deaths is the throat area. (She walks over to an X Ray screen.) Larynx, esophagus, and hyoid bone all have been crushed like chalk. There is no evidence of tissue damage. It's as if their throats were crushed... from the inside. (Mulder and Scully take a close look at the X Rays of the men)

MULDER: Who are these guys? (No answer)

SCULLY: If you've conducted your investigation, why consult us?

WOMAN: Because of your work on the X Files. Have you ever seen anything like this?

MULDER: Ah, uh. Never.

MAN: Well, thank you for your time Agent Mulder, Scully. If any inquiry into this meeting be made, we request full denial.

MULDER: I'd say you people already suffer from full denial. (Mulder and Scully leave)




SCENE 5
HALLWAY
(Scully and Mulder walk down the hall outside the morgue.)

SCULLY: You lied. You have seen this before, I can tell. You lied to them.

MULDER: I would never lie. I willfully participated in a campaign of misinformation.

SCULLY: Who do you think they were?

MULDER: NSA, CIA, some convert organization Congress will uncover in the next scandal. It's not important who they are but what they have and I'm sure they have no idea because they pulled us in. I have X Files. Each case with an element of what we saw tonight. Residual electrostatic charge, internal mutilation without any external causality - but none has all the elements combined in one case.

SCULLY: How can the esophagus be crushed without the neck even being touched?

MULDER: Psychokinetic manipulation.

SCULLY: Psychokinesis? You mean how Carrie got even at the prom?

MULDER: The Russians were doing studies on it. The Chinese still are. Their findings are kept secret. (They get into an elevator)

SCULLY: Ok, I'm intrigued. How can we investigate, we have nothing to go on. (Mulder puts his arm around her shoulders and brings his eyeglasses up and exhales on them. There is a perfect fingerprint on each lens.



SCENE 6
HTG INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES - NEXT MORNING

(Lauren walks into work and scans the newspaper on a desk. Mr. Dorland's secretary comes up to her, scaring her.)

SECRETARY: Just getting in, Lauren? Mr. Graves used to let you get away with that but Mr. Dorland is in charge now. I was wondering if I could have a minute with him. (The secretary looks at his appointments. She pencils in as she talks)
SECRETARY: Tomorrow... at 3.

LAUREN: Can I see him today? It's really important. (Secretary's coffee cup topples spilling coffee all over her desk. They both start to wipe it up. Mr. Dorland comes out of his office)

MR. DORLAND: Is everything all right out here?

LAUREN: Can I speak with you?




SCENE 7
DORLAND'S OFFICE

(Lauren enters and Dorland shuts the door. Dorland motions to the chair in front of his desk)

DORLAND: Please. (Lauren sits)
LAUREN: I'm here to give my two week's notice.

DORLAND: Lauren, Jane told me about your crying in Howard's office and I wanted to tell you that you aren't alone. As a matter of fact, we share something special. Howard and I started this company 10 years ago and as long as I've known him he had no interest besides work. So we became like family. I was his brother and you were like a daughter to him. So, of course, I feel very close to you and I want to take care of my family. Stay, Lauren. Please, the company needs you. Especially now. (He reaches down and takes her face in his hands.) I won't let you leave, Lauren. (A bracelet on his wrist tightens and he flinches, taking his hands from Lauren.)

LAUREN: What's wrong? (Dorland finally loosens the bracelet.) I can't. I have to leave. I can't be here anymore.

DORLAND: You've got two weeks. (Lauren leaves his office.)




SCENE 8
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC

(Mulder is looking at a computer screen with a picture of one of the corpses.)

MULDER: Mohamed Amalaki. Convictions: Illegal possession of firearms. Illegal possession of explosives. Falsification of export licenses. (Scully walks around him with a file and puts it on his desk)
SCULLY: He has ties to extremist group operating in the US. The Isfahan. They take their name from a city in Iran. Recently they've been working out of Philadelphia.

MULDER: That's 60 air minutes.

SCULLY: I'll talk to the Philly P.D.




SCENE 9
BROAD STREET - PHILADELPHIA
(Mulder and Scully are in the alley of Lauren's attack with a cop)

COP: It was last Wednesday night. I was on routine patrol. This is where we found them.

SCULLY: Who discovered their bodies?

COP: Nobody. It was about 10. I was on patrol. Just saw them hanging around. The folks that come around here, they don't witness very much. You hear what I'm saying? (Mulder walks off, Scully and the cop still talking. Mulder sees an anxious woman at the ATM. She leaves and he looks at it.)




SCENE 10
FBI OFFICE

(On the surveillance film from the ATM, we see an older man taking money out.)

MULDER: A daily visual record is made of everyone who makes a transaction.
SCULLY: We'll just have to interview everyone who was at the machine before 10 last night.
(We see Lauren at the machine and being dragged off by the two attackers at 9:45.)

MULDER: There. Back up.

SCULLY: (reading in her file) Lauren Kyte. 858 Franklin, Bensalem. Why would the Isfahan being robbing someone for 40 bucks at an ATM machine?

MULDER: Look at that. (He stops the film and there is a ghostly flash across the screen. Hovering over them.)

SCULLY: It's another person.

MULDER: Maybe, maybe not.

SCULLY: Well, the resolution is too poor. It won't help much to enhance it.

MULDER: That leaves only one person we know we can talk to.




SCENE 11
LAUREN KYTE'S HOUSE

(She's in the process of moving. She is going to wrap glass things in newspaper when the plaque from Howard's office catches her eye on the mantle. She picks it up. She is startled by a knock on the door. She looks through the keyhole. It is Mulder and Scully)

LAUREN: Hello?
MULDER: Miss Lauren Kyte, please. (She opens the door and Mulder flashes his badge.) I'm Agent Fox Mulder and this is Agent Dana Scully. We're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Do you mind if we come in?

LAUREN: Um, I was just in the middle of ...

MULDER: Thank you. We won't be long.

(He squeezes through the door way and past Lauren into the house. Scully enters and smiles at Lauren, who closes the door behind them. Scully shows pictures to Lauren)

SCULLY: Have you seen either of these two men before?

LAUREN: No.

SCULLY: Take your time.

LAUREN: I'm sorry. I've never seen them before.

SCULLY: I'm afraid you have. (Scully shows her another picture) This is a surveillance picture from your ATM. (It's a picture of Lauren and the attackers. Their faces clear.)

MULDER: Can you tell us what happened that night?

LAUREN: Um... These guys, I was depositing my paycheck. They grabbed me, I got away. I ran. I just didn't want to file a report.

MULDER: They were found dead. (She has a reaction. Scully gives her another picture)

SCULLY: Have you ever seen this person before? (It's the still frame from the surveillance video of the spectral image)

LAUREN: No. I'm sorry. I can't tell you.

MULDER: Does that mean you know?

LAUREN: It means I can't tell who it is.

MULDER: When you can tell me, this is the number where I can be reached at anytime, ok?

LAUREN: Ah hum. (Mulder and Scully leave)




SCENE 12
OUTSIDE

(Mulder and Scully walk to their car)

SCULLY: A woman her size breaking free and out running those men?
MULDER: And somehow crushing their necks? (They get into the car and put on their seatbelts. Lauren is seen looking at them through her window.)

SCULLY: She knows who the other person in that photo is.

MULDER: Packing, running away, from what? ( The parking brake goes off, the car is put into reverse, and the doors are locked. Mulder tries to brake, put the car spins backward.)

SCULLY: What the hell's going on?

MULDER: Hang on! (He turns around and steers the car speeding backward, trying to brake. The car is hit in the intersection by another car. It comes to a stop) You ok?

SCULLY: Yeah. (Mulder looks over at the other driver, shaking his head wondering what happened. Lauren is still looking out the window and she pulls the drapes when Mulder sees her.)




SCENE 13
GARAGE

(Mulder is crouched at the side of the dented car. Scully walks up.)

SCULLY: Hi.
MULDER: Hi. The paramedics check you out?

SCULLY: Yeah. I'm fine. Except I have a waiting-in-line-at-the-DMV-sized headache.

MULDER: Mine's more IRS sized.

SCULLY: They check out the car?

MULDER: Yeah, it's brand new. Only a 100 miles.

SCULLY: Then someone tampered with it while we were in her house.

MULDER: Mechanic said everything is in proper order. Nothing cut, nothing greased. Check out the lights.

SCULLY: They are on.

MULDER: They're not. The filaments are heated due to massive levels of electrostatic charge. Just like the bodies at the morgue. And isn't it interesting that Lauren Kyte was present at both incidents?

SCULLY: She was in our presence the entire time we were at her house.

MULDER: What if it's possible somehow to raise a body's electrostatic charge to levels we've been seeing and use that energy to affect objects?

SCULLY: If a person could generate that much energy, their body would break down. They'd start glowing like those lights.

MULDER: Well there's evidence of this all through the X Files. Furniture moving untouched, objects levitating, unexplained electrical discharges. Frequently people who have psychokinetic power are unaware of their own capability.

SCULLY: Are you saying Lauren Kyte crashed our car?

MULDER: Either that or a poltergeist.

SCULLY: They're here... (imitation of the little girl from the movie, "Poltergeist")

MULDER: They may be.

SCULLY: Oh, come on Mulder, look at the tangible evidence. Two Mid-East extremists are killed trying to assault a woman working for a manufacturer of parts for the Defense Department. While we questioned her our car is sabotaged. Now in both those cases, someone else may have committed those acts. Maybe the same someone we saw in those ATM photos. The mystery isn't psychokinetic energy, it's her accomplice. (They both notice the lights of the car are out.)




SCENE 14
HTG INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES

(Lauren drives into the parking lot and gets out of her car. Mulder and Scully are sitting in their new rental, Mulder with binoculars, Scully going through papers.)

SCULLY: She's clean. No arrest, not even a traffic ticket. The only thing is, she's in deep with her credit card company... $15,000. (They look over at Lauren, mad at a sign painter painting over Howard Graves' parking spot with a new name, Tom Braidwood (Who happens to be a second unit director and Frohike on the show)
LAUREN: No, no. (She grabs the stencil out of the painter's hands) I'll talk to somebody, just go.

MULDER: A little upset over losing a parking space, wouldn't you say? So, who is Howard Graves anyway?



SCENE 15
FBI HEADQUARTERS

(Scully is pouring over the microfiche film. Scully gets Mulder's attention and they read an article from a newspaper. Howard Graves Suicide Creates Shock.)
MULDER: She was his secretary. That's three people dead in the last month all associated with Lauren Kyte. (The newspaper article says Howard slashed his wrists in a bathtub.)




SCENE 16
CEMETERY - DAY

(Mulder and Scully pull up to the cemetery to see Lauren put flowers on a grave. They watch her as she sadly walks away from the grave site. They get out of the car and go to the grave she put flowers on. It's Howard Graves'.)

MULDER: You don't see too many bosses graves without people dancing on it.
SCULLY: Look at this one. (There is another maker next to Howard's that reads, \'93 Sarah Lynn Graves September 8, 1966 to August 3 1969". There's a groundskeeper planting flowers nearby.)

MULDER: Excuse me, Sir? Is there an office here so that I can get information on those people?

GROUNDSKEEPER: I attend every funeral. I'm the last person to see them put to rest.

MULDER: Do you know how Sarah Lynn is related to Howard Graves?

GROUNDSKEEPER: His daughter. They were at home one day and he didn't latch the pool gate. She drowned. His wife left him a year later. She's buried in a plot in the Northeast corner.

MULDER: Thank you, Sir.

GROUNDSKEEPER: You're welcome. (He leaves. Mulder and Scully go to Sarah's grave again.)

SCULLY: She was only three years old.

MULDER: If she'd lived, she'd be Lauren's age. (Scully looks at Mulder and he looks at her.)




SCENE 17
DARKROOM

(Mulder is developing pictures)



SCENE 18
SCULLY'S APARTMENT
(Scully is typing into her laptop)

SCULLY (VOICE OVER): Further investigation into Lauren Kyte's personal history reveals an estrangement from her family. Phone records confirm no contact with her parents for the last two years. Her actions observed during surveillance (Go back to Mulder looking at photos taken during the surveillance as Scully continues speaking) indicate a strong relationship between Lauren Kyte and her employer, the late Howard Graves. (Back to Scully typing) Was this relationship somehow the motivation for his suicide? How are the attack and the subsequent murders of the Isfahan agents related, if at all? I am certain that the answers to these questions lie in finding the identity of Lauren Kyte's accomplice. (Back to Mulder looking at the negatives of the photos. One is of Lauren Kyte's house, the next of her front window. There's a figure standing in the window.)




SCENE 19
CRIME LAB

(The photo of the figure in the front window is being put on the computer and manipulated. The framing of just the window of the photo is enlarged and we see the figure is Lauren Kyte, but right behind her is another figure. Mulder and Scully are with the computer operator.)

SCULLY: Enhance it by 10. (He does.) That's Howard Graves. He's alive.
MULDER: Not necessarily.




SCENE 20
LAUREN KYTE'S HOUSE - NIGHT

(Lauren is asleep in the bed. Her cat is sitting on the end of it and hisses and takes off. We can hear banging. Lauren wakes up. She is scared. The stairs creak. Lauren slowly goes to her closet and gets out a bat. She slowly moves to the door, opens it and looks into the dark hallway. She enters the hallway and the pounding gets louder and we can also hear a man saying, 'No.' She walks down the hallway and there are other voices too, I can't make out what is said besides, 'No.' Then a reverberating 'Don't do this to me.' Lauren moves to the bathroom. The door is ajar and she pushes it open with the bat as we hear, 'No. Stop. No, no, no. Please!' She guardedly moves into the bathroom and turns on the light. The shower curtain is closed. The man's voice is now crying. Lauren pulls open the shower curtain and there is a tub full of water, with a cloud of red in the middle. It grows and soon the entire tub is full of blood.)

LAUREN: Oh, Howard. (The tub drains)



SCENE 21
NATIONAL BUREAU OF MEDICAL EXAMINERS
PHILADELPHIA, PA

(Scully and Mulder walk down a flight of steps in a stairwell.)

SCULLY: I think Howard Graves faked his own death.
MULDER: Do you know how difficult it is to fake your own death? Only one man has pulled it off, Elvis.

SCULLY: He and Lauren Kyte are in on something. Maybe an illegal deal through his company. Something the CIA was interested in.

MULDER: You may be right. (They get to the door to the office of Ellen Bledsoe, ME.)

SCULLY: Wait, you think I'm right?

MULDER: Sure, all you got to do is prove that Howard Graves is still alive. (He knocks on the door.)




SCENE 22
ELLEN BLEDSOE'S OFFICE

(We see a dour black woman's face, Ellen Bledsoe, I presume.)

ELLEN: Howard Graves is very dead.
SCULLY: May we see the autopsy report, please? (Ellen tosses it across the desk)

ELLEN: Knock yourself out. (Scully reads the report)

SCULLY: Cause of death... arterial hemorrhage...

ELLEN: 4 to 6 liters of blood down the tub.

SCULLY: Well there seems to be some blood work missing here.

ELLEN: We only do that when we suspect homicide.

MULDER: I don't suppose you ran any dental conformation?

ELLEN: What for? It was him.

SCULLY: How did you know?

ELLEN: It said so on the toe tag.

MULDER: Who made positive ID on the body? (Scully looks through the report again.)

SCULLY: Lauren Kyte.

MULDER: But Howard Graves was cremated. There would be no way to run a dental check or to get a DNA sample.

SCULLY: Yes, there is. His body's tissues and organs were donated.




SCENE 23
UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA HOSPITAL

(Mulder and Scully and another man in a lab coat are standing in a hallway looking through a window to the Cryogenics lab while the man talks. There are lots of people working in the lab.)

MAN: Howard Graves is in 5 different people. They harvested his organs immediately after death. His kidneys were sent to Boston, his liver to Dallas, and his corneas to Portland, Oregon. They've all been transplanted. Because of his age, we could only cryo-preserve the dura matter, the membrane of the spinal column. We have Mr. Graves' hospital records, we'll extract a sample, run a test and in a couple of hours... confirm the identity of the donor.



SCENE 24
HTG INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES
PHILADELPHIA, PA

(There's a party going on. Balloons, champagne hats, lots of people, music, etc.)

JANE: I knew you would rush, so I made sure to have your check before you leave. (She hands it to Lauren) Oh, I'm going to miss you. (They hug. Jane gets teary eyed. Lauren smiles and gives her a glass of champagne.)
LAUREN: What? Here.

JANE: Bye.

LAUREN: Bye. (Lauren walks away from her. She goes to her desk which has all her stuff in a box. She puts her desk nameplate in it. She takes the box and starts to leave, but turns and goes into Howard's office instead, careful to see no one was watching her.)




SCENE 25
HOWARD GRAVES' OFFICE

(The office is bare of all personal effects from the beginning of the show. The bare furniture is all that's left. Lauren looks around the office and is startled when the door shuts. She turns and sees Dorland leaning back to the door and smiling.)

DORLAND: You're going to leave without saying goodbye? Well, I've come to say goodbye... to wish you luck, and to leave you with this little thought... I know Howard told you and if it ever gets out, I won't waste my time trying to pin the source. I'll go straight to you.
LAUREN: And you'll do to me what you did to Howard? I know you had him killed.

DORLAND: Why would you say that?

LAUREN: He told me. (She takes her box off the desk and goes to the door, but Dorland grabs her. They jostle and Lauren gets out of the office and walks away. She walks into the party and uses the phone)




SCENE 26
UNIVERSITY OF PA OFFICE

(Mulder and Scully are reading and fidgeting. Mulder's cell phone rings. While he answers it, the lab guy enters and talks to Scully.)

MULDER: Mulder. (Cut between Lauren and Mulder)
LAUREN: It's Lauren Kyte. How soon can you get to my house?

MULDER: Why?

LAUREN: Please hurry. (She hangs up and takes her box and leaves. Dorland stands in Graves' office doorway watching her)

SCULLY: The tests are conclusive, the dura matter does belong to Howard Graves. He is indeed, very dead. (Mulder gets up and walks away)




SCENE 27
LAUREN KYTE'S HOUSE

(Lauren walks down stairs. She has her suitcases and puts them on the dining table. She finishes up packing up things at her desk. A car with a man and a woman pulls up outside her house. They get out and walk to the front door. Inside, Lauren is pacing. There's a knock on the door. She is relieved and walks across her empty house to the door. She opens the dead bolt. It slides closed again.)

LAUREN: Just a second. (She opens it again, she hears a noise behind her. She jumps out of the way of a kitchen chair that moves across the house and wedges itself under the door knob. The door flies open and the man and woman enter. The man has a switchblade in his hand.)
MAN: Go run the bath. (Lauren falls back into the living room floor.)

LAUREN: Get out of here! (The bulbs in the lamps around the room shatter. The man grabs Lauren and a table slams into him. She gets away. The only light in the room is coming from the window. A spectral presence moves from the dining room to the front door where the woman sees it and tries to get out of the house.) No! (The woman is flung to the door. Her neck is crushed. Lauren screams no as the woman falls to the ground. The man gets out from between the table and fireplace and runs to the door but is flung back on the floor. He looks all around. He stands up. He gets punched in the face, drawing blood but there are no hands. It's like Lauren can't move from where she stands. She screams some more. Mulder and Scully drive up outside. They hear screams from inside the house and race to the front door. Mulder pushes the woman aside as he opens the door. He looks into the living room and the man is hanging from nothing in the middle of the room. Lauren is crying. The man falls to the floor as Scully enters the house, gun drawn. They look at Lauren whimpering in a crouched position on the floor.




SCENE 28
INTERROGATION ROOM

(Mulder is sitting across the table from Lauren as Scully leans against a window ledge.)

SCULLY: You know, you're not under arrest. You're just here for questioning. The sooner you talk to us the sooner you get to go home. (Pause) What happened to those people tonight? (Lauren's not saying anything) Do you have any idea who they might be. Why did they attack you? (Mulder picks up a picture and walks around the table and shows it to Lauren)
MULDER: Do you know who this is? (The man from the beginning, the non-talker at the morgue walks in)

MAN: Scully, Mulder... He'll keep an eye on her. (He motions to an officer who enters the room after him.) Come. Now. (Scully and Mulder leave the room with him and the woman from the morgue is there too.)

WOMAN: You've seriously compromised our investigation.

MULDER: We were following leads pertaining to an X File.

MAN: I want to know every detail of your activities concerning this case.

SCULLY: What case? You're the ones who've been withholding information. (They all fall silent.)

MULDER: Then we have nothing more to talk about. (Mulder and Scully walk away. The woman and man follow them to the hallway.)

WOMAN: We believe HTG Technologies was selling restricted parts to the Isfahan. Partial serial numbers from their manifest were recovered in the wreckage of a July bombing of a Navy transport van.

MULDER: How's Lauren Kyte involved?

MAN: We don't quite know. Your actions impeded our investigation.

WOMAN: In any case, we don't have enough evidence to hold her. If she doesn't talk, she goes free and we lose our chance to break this company.

MAN: I could make her talk.

MULDER: My advise to you. Don't get rough with her.





LATER

(The door to the interrogation room opens.)

WOMAN: That was a waste of time. (The woman and man walk out. The woman keeps walking. The man regards Mulder and Scully off screen.)
MAN: Your turn. (He leaves. Scully and Mulder walk into the room.)




SCENE 29
INTERROGATION ROOM

(Scully and Mulder enter.)

SCULLY: Lauren?
LAUREN: I won't talk to you, either.

MULDER: Ok, then you're free to go. (Lauren looks up surprised and gets up from her chair. Scully throws a surprised look in Mulder's direction as Lauren walks by her. Lauren pauses at the door.)

LAUREN: I can't go back to that house.

MULDER: Why? Because of Howard Graves?

LAUREN: He's dead.

MULDER: I know. He's watching over you, isn't he?





LATER

(A tape recorder is rolling)

LAUREN: I don't know if you've ever been a secretary. Sometimes your boss can talk as if you weren't even in the room, which can hurt, you know? Sometimes... you're all he has to talk to. Which is how it was all the time with me and Howard. One night, late, I went into his office. He was crying, more scared than sad. The Pentagon contracts were being canceled, the company was going under, he felt personally responsible for each of his employees... seeing and feeling their fear every day... it really wore him down. Then this one time, Dorland came with that group... that Mid East group... Isfahan, that terrorist group. They'd buy parts at an outrageous price. Not just once, but for as long as they could get away with it. That night Howard was crying, he'd just found out the Isfahan had just claimed responsibility for killing a couple of sailors in Florida. He was never the same. And I thought that was why he killed himself. But he didn't... I saw ... Howard showed me how Dorland had him killed. Made it look like a suicide because he see Howard was going to put an end to the deal.
MULDER: So now Howard is protecting you?

LAUREN: It sounds so ridiculous.

SCULLY: But you believe it.

LAUREN: He was closer to me than my father. I told him that. I still feel his presence. Sometimes... I even smell his aftershave. If you just could've ... seen ... the things I've seen... I just... want all that to go away. I'm leaving. Maybe he can move on. (Scully gets up from the table and go to Lauren.)

SCULLY: That's not enough. You've been given the chance to tell him again. Take it. Tell him you love him, by showing him, by... helping us finish his unfinished business. Lauren, how will you ever be able to rest if he never can? (Lauren nods.)

LAUREN: Ok. (Scully nods too.) I'm a mess. I'm um, going to wash up. (She leaves.)

MULDER: What are you doing Scully? You don't believe.

SCULLY: Mulder, there's no such thing as ghosts or psychokinesis. I'm sure there's an explanation. But I believe that she believes. And my priority is to get her to help us stop Dorland.

MULDER: Well we may have just sacrificed our best opportunity to observe spectral phenomena.

SCULLY: I'm giving us a chance to solve a case that's tangible instead of chasing after shadows.
(Scully leaves leaving Mulder to ponder.)




SCENE 30
STAIRCASE

(Lots of FBI come down the stairs, Mulder with them. He goes to Lauren standing by a car. Scully approaches.)

MULDER: You ready? (She nods. Scully addresses the troops)
SCULLY: All right, everyone. We have a warrant to search the premises for evidence of the sale of restricted manufactured parts. The evidence may be in the form of falsified export licences, parts manifests, communiques. It could be on computer disks or hard copy.

MAN: (from morgue and interrogation room) Once there, when in doubt, ask. We need this to be clean. This is the culmination of a year long investigation. If we don't come out of there today with something proving a connection to the Isfahan, this guy could walk.

SCULLY: Lets go. (The man break up. Lauren walks with Scully.) Now, it will most likely be in Dorland's office. We'll conduct the search, but we need you to guide us so we need you to be strong, okay? (Scully opens the back door of the car for her. Lauren gets in. The cars pull out.)




SCENE 31
HTG INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES

(The FBI walk into the office. Scully walks in with them with her badge.)

SCULLY: Everybody stay calm. Federal Bureau of Investigation. Ma'am, could you step away from those files, please?
(The FBI moves people around and out of the way and others start looking in files, drawers, reports, etc. Dorland comes out of his office. Scully and Lauren walk by him into his office. Mulder stays outside with him.)

DORLAND'S OFFICE

(Scully puts things into a box. Lauren searches through his bureau and books.)

LATER

(The man and woman from the morgue go to Mulder and Scully.)

WOMAN: This is all we could find.

MULDER: We don't have him. He's not even breaking a sweat. (Dorland is standing in a corner with the employees, engaging in small talk. The man walks up to Mulder.)

MAN: Our case is blown. A wasted year. This guy is going to walk. (The man and woman leave.)




SCENE 32
DORLAND'S OFFICE

(Scully walks to the door and out with a box of things taken from his office as Mulder enters)

SCULLY: Let's get out of here. (Mulder walks to Lauren still at the bureau. She is distraught.)
MULDER: Lauren, it's over. We have to go. (She looks around the room as Dorland enters.) What we're looking for isn't here. (Lauren takes a letter opener from the desk and smashes the glass in a picture frame and takes out the photo.)

DORLAND: Look! She isn't an agent. I've been more than cooperative and I don't want to be combative, but she has no right destroying my personal property. (Lauren takes a painting from the wall and opens the back. Nothing but a painting.

LAUREN: Destroying property? What about that van that blew up and killed those servicemen?

DORLAND: Oh, I don't know what you're talking about you stupid bitch! (Lauren rushes Dorland with the letter opener.)

MULDER: Lauren, No! (Dorland pushes her away and he is pushed against the wall by Howard. The door slams shut. Dorland starts gasping at his neck. He can't breathe.

LAUREN: Don't kill him. Help us find it! (Dorland slides to the floor. The track lighting explodes. The bulbs in the lamps explode. Mulder grabs Lauren.)

MULDER: Get down. (Outside the office, Scully hears the commotion and runs back to Dorland's office door. It's locked.)

SCULLY: Mulder! (Inside the office, it's dark and we hear Scully yelling. Pictures fly from the wall. Drawers open and papers fly around the room. The letter opener hovers in front of Dorland's face. It turns and flies into the wall. It slits the wallpaper about two feet and stops. The noise and flying papers die down and Scully bolts into the room. She looks around at the mess.)

SCULLY: My God. (Mulder walks across the wall to wall paper to the wall and takes a floppy disk out from behind the wallpaper.)

MULDER: I guess what we're looking for is here.




SCENE 33
LAUREN KYTE'S HOUSE

(A moving trailer is hitched to Lauren's car. Scully, Lauren and Mulder walk to it. Lauren is carrying a box.)

SCULLY: The US Attorney's office is going after Dorland with everything they've got. Including the murder of Howard Graves.
LAUREN: I'll come back to testify. (She puts the box in her trunk.)

MULDER: Where are you going?

LAUREN: Away from here. (Lauren gets into the drivers seat and starts the car.) Thanks. (She drives off.)

MULDER: Boy, she's in a rush to get out of here.

SCULLY: Out of here, or away from the ghost of Howard Graves? (They walk to the car.)

MULDER: Hey, Scully. Do you believe in the afterlife?

SCULLY: I'd settle for a life in this one.

MULDER: Have you ever seen the liberty bell?

SCULLY: Yes. (They get into the car and fasten their seat belts.)

MULDER: You know, I've been to Philadelphia a 100 times and I've never seen it.

SCULLY: You're not missing much. It's just a big bell with a big crack, and you have to wait in a long line.

MULDER: Yeah, (Mulder starts the car and drives off) but I'd really like to go.

SCULLY: Why now?

MULDER: I don't know. How late do you think they stay open?




SCENE 34
LAUREN'S NEW WORKPLACE

(Howard Graves' plaque with Ben's quote is on her desk. She brings a report to her new head secretary.)

HEAD SECRETARY: Miss Kyte, I asked for this 25 minutes ago.
LAUREN: I know. I'm sorry.

HEAD SECRETARY: Maybe that's the way they work back in the East, but here in the Midwest, punctuality is a virtue. (She takes the report and goes back to what she was doing. The coffee cup on the secretary's desk starts shaking. Lauren is nervous. The secretary sees it and covers it with her hands.) We really need to find a new office space. Every time a truck goes by the whole building shakes. (She takes a sip of her coffee. Lauren is relieved.) That's all Lauren. (Lauren goes back to her desk. She smiles at the plaque.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
EURISKO WORLD HEADQUARTERS
CRYSTAL CITY, VA
(High rise office building, exterior. Office with two men arguing.)

SCRUFFY GUY: Look, Ben. This is what infuriates me. Don't you see? It's so painfully obvious. Why do you think our stock's in the toilet? Because you're cutting research and development in half. You've forgotten what the adventure's all about.

SUIT GUY: (BAD dub job on the voice) Like it or not, the industry's changing. We need to make some hard choices.

SCRUFFY GUY: You save your sound bite for the press.

SUIT GUY: Let's not relive the stockholder's meeting again.

SCRUFFY GUY: Don't you get it? You're killing me! You're killing my company!

SUIT GUY: Eurisko is not your company, Brad - - not any more. And you damn well better grow up and get used to it.

SCRUFFY GUY (BRAD WILCZEK): (exiting angrily) You're going to regret this.

(Night. SUIT GUY typing from tape recorder in his office.)

SUIT GUY: (recorded) New paragraph. As I'm sure everyone on the Board will agree, Eurisko has to face head on the realities on an increasingly competitive world. (focus on camera overhead) Since the unfortunate departure of Brad Wilczek, I have made certain recommendations which I believe will reposition Eurisko as an industry leader.

(Focus on camera monitor filming SUIT GUY - COS SCANNING: DRAKE, BENJAMIN - DATA INTERCEPT)

At the top of this list, is the immediate termination of the COS project.

(COS computer monitor starts flashing little lights like the computers in the 1960's Star Trek)

It's disastrous performance over the past three quarters and projected losses well into 1994 leave us no other choice.

(COS watches SUIT GUY, DRAKE, check his watch then go into his private bathroom where he hears water running. The sink is overflowing. Drake shuts off the water and is now wet standing in a puddle. The phone rings. DRAKE answers)

DRAKE: Hello? Hello!

PHONE VOICE: At the tone, Eastern Standard Time will be 7:35 P.M.

(Suddenly, lights go out and bathroom door slams shut. DRAKE sets down phone)

DRAKE: What the hell?

(He tires the door, no luck. He swipes his card key, no luck. He puts metal manual override key in the lock and ..... WHAMMMO!!! Huge electrical shock flings him across the room, breaking the mirror. Camera focus on DRAKE'S body.)

COMPUTER VOICE: File deleted.




SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Agent JERRY LAMANA walking through FBI office. He swipes some candy out of someone's Halloween pumpkin. He approaches MULDER and SCULLY who are getting lunch at a cart.)
JERRY: Mulder.

MULDER: (hugging him) Jerry?

JERRY: You're Dana Scully, right? (shakes SCULLY'S hand) Jerry Lamana.

MULDER: Jerry and I worked together in Violent Crimes.

JERRY: Worked together? What are you talking worked together. (to SCULLY) We were partners.

(MULDER looks at SCULLY)

LUNCH CART GUY: That's $8.50, please. (SCULLY starts to pay him)

MULDER: So, Jerry, what are you doing here?

JERRY: Looking for you. And I'm buying you two lunch.

SCULLY: No, really ...

JERRY: No, it's on me. (pays LUNCH CART GUY)




SCENE 3
X-FILES OFFICE
(MULDER and SCULLY listening to JERRY)

JERRY: Cause of death was electrocution.

SCULLY: And it wasn't accidental?

JERRY: It looks like some kind of elaborate booby trap, but we don't know a whole lot more. The building engineer just found him twelve hours ago.

SCULLY: Who's running the investigation?

JERRY: Do either of you know Nancy Spiller?

SCULLY: The forensics instructor at the Academy? (to MULDER) We used to call her the Iron Maiden.

JERRY: On a good day. Well, anyway she's putting together the squad and, well, I took the liberty of mentioning your name. (to MULDER)

MULDER: Look, Jerry. I'd like to help you out, but we're not on general assignment.

JERRY: Because of the X-Files? (slightly desperate, to MULDER) Look, the truth is, I could use a little help on this. I don't want to drop the ball on this one.

MULDER: You won't drop the ball.

JERRY: Drake wasn't just a CEO of a Fortune 500 company. He was a good friend of the Attorney General's. Another feather in my cap would be really nice right now, because the one I got's looking a little mangy.

MULDER: Yeah, but Jerry ...

JERRY: Look, I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important.




SCENE 4
EURISKO WORLD HEADQUARTERS
SCULLY: How come you two went your separate ways?

MULDER: I'm a pain in the ass to work with.

SCULLY: Seriously.

MULDER: I'm not a pain in the ass? We had different career goals. Jerry wanted the fifth floor.

SCULLY: And you?

MULDER: I was gunning for a basement office with no heat or windows.

(Security camera follows them inside the building.)

SCULLY: I know where you ended up. What about Jerry?

MULDER: He ran into a little bad luck in Atlanta working hate crimes.

SCULLY: What kind of bad luck?

MULDER: He misplaced a piece of evidence, bagged and everything. Sent it to the cleaners. By the time he got it back, a federal judge had lost both his hands and his right eye.

(Elevator dings and they enter. Security camera watches them.)

SCULLY: (pushing button) Twenty-nine?

MULDER: Uh-huh.

ELEVATOR: Going up.

SCULLY: Must be for the visually impaired.

MULDER: How do you like that? A politically correct elevator.

ELEVATOR: Third floor....Fourth floor....

(Elevator slams to a stop. SCULLY falls. MULDER helps her up.)

MULDER: You okay?

SCULLY: Yeah. What was that?

(MULDER tries buttons. SCULLY picks up phone. As she does, it rings. She looks surprised.)

MAN'S VOICE: Yes?

SCULLY: Hello?

MAN'S VOICE: Security. Who's this?

SCULLY: This is Agent Dana Scully.

MAN'S VOICE: Agent Scully, do you have a problem? (Elevator begins going up again, announcing floors.)

SCULLY: Uh, actually, I think everything's okay.

(Security camera monitor reads - DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PHONE SEARCH
SCULLY, DANA 202-555-6431)




SCENE 5
DRAKE'S EXECUTIVE BATHROOM
(JERRY, MULDER, and SCULLY looking at door computer controls.)

JERRY: Someone has tampered with the servo. They switched the ground to the negative so that when he put the key in the lock...

SCULLY: ...he completed the circuit.

JERRY: It's fused. It takes a lot of juice to melt a steel key.

SCULLY: And to throw a 180 pound man ten feet. (Looks at cracked mirror)

MULDER: The, uh, servo switch. Could it have been moved manually?

JERRY: We didn't find any prints in the surrounding area.

(PETERSON enters the bathroom.)

PETERSON: Sure it could have been switched manually. But whoever did it would have had to override the COS.

MULDR: What's the COS?

PETERSON: The central operating system. It runs the building. It regulates everything from energy output to the volume of water in each toilet flush.

JERRY: This is Claude Peterson. He's the building systems engineer. He discovered the body.

MULDER: If somebody wanted to override the COS, what would they ...?

PETERSON: Well, first he'd have to break the access codes which, well let's just say it wouldn't be easy.

(Camera watches them)

MULDER: Well, we're going to need a list of all the people with that kind of know how.

PETERSON: Well, I can tell you right now it'll be a pretty short list.

MULDER: Would you be on it?

PETERSON: Me? Hey, look. I'm just a glorified building super. All I do is monitor the system. Make sure it's functioning properly. Like when I saw the overload in Mr. Drake's office.

MULDER: What about the phone lines? Does the COS monitor all phone calls?

PETERSON: Yes it does. Why?

MULDER: I was just wondering.

PETERSON: Okay, um, look. Can I go now?

JERRY: Yeah. (Camera watches PETERSON leave. To MULDER) Why'd you ask him about the phones?

MULDER: Phone's off the hook. (hangs it up) Maybe Drake was talking to someone right before he did his Ben Franklin impersonation.

JERRY: (to SCULLY) Taught him everything he knows. (he exits)

(MULDER nods and smiles tightly at SCULLY who looks a bit over it.)




SCENE 6
FBI HEADQURTERS
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(X-Files office. MULDER is looking around on his messy desk. Knock at door.)

MULDER: Come in.

SCULLY: (entering) It's past three.

MULDER: I'm just looking for my profile notes.

SCULLY: Maybe if you cleaned your desk more than once a year.

MULDER: They were right here. I'm telling you.

SCULLY: Come on. We're late.

(MULDER looks around one more time. SCULLY hands him his jacket and they exit.)




SCENE 7
CONFERENCE ROOM
(Investigative team meeting. MULDER stares at the wall as JERRY reads notes)

JERRY: Now, there are a couple of elements for us to consider, here. Both the statistical rarity of homicidal electrocution and the complexity of the crime indicate a certain devious premeditation. After all, there are much simpler ways of killing someone. All of which leads me to believe that our guy was some kind of sociopathic game player - - maybe even a recluse since he designed a trap not only to avoid detection, but to avoid contact with the victim.

SCULLY: (whisper to MULDER) Is that your profile?

MULDER: (whisper) Forget it, no.

JERRY: Drake's final phone call supports this theory. (plays tape)

COMPUTER VOICE: At the tone, Eastern Standard Time will be 7:35 P.M.

JERRY: Drake's estimated time of death.

AGENT SPILLER: Why would Drake call for the correct time just before he died?

JERRY: It was an incoming call. From somewhere in the Eurisko building itself. Whoever set the trap wanted to make sure that Drake took the bait.

AGENT SPILLER: Excellent work, Agent Lamana.

JERRY: Thank you.

(MULDER looks not happy)




SCENE 8
FBI BUILDING
(MULDER approaches JERRY in the FBI bullpen)

MULDER: Jerry, what the hell are you doing?

JERRY: Hey, don't get all bent out of shape.

MULDER: Jerry, that was my profile.

JERRY: Look, I didn't think you'd mind. (Starts to leave, MULDER stops him) Anyway, they were just notes. I filled in the blanks.

MULDER: Jerry, you went into my office and you stole my work.

JERRY: Look, you're on this case cause I asked you to help me out, and you helped me out. What is the big deal. (exits as SCULLY enters)

SCULLY: What did he say?

MULDER: He apologized - in his own way.

SCULLY: I just got off the phone with Peterson, the systems engineer. (hands MULDER a piece of paper)

MULDER: One name? Brad Wilczek?

SCULLY: He said it would be a short list. And it's headline news how much this guy despised Drake.

MULDER: That just seems too obvious. To kill Drake would be so brazenly egomaniacal.

SCULLY: And fully consistent with Jerry's excellent behavioral profile.

MULDER: Fully. (as they exit)




SCENE 9
WILCZEK'S COUNTRY CLUB HOUSE
(MULDER and SCULLY drive up. As they walk to the front door, a camera follows them)

MULDER: So this is what a 220 IQ and a $400 million severance settlement buys you.

(SCULLY knocks. WILCZEK opens door immediately)

WILCZEK: Yes?

SCULLY: (surprised) Brad Wilczek? (MULDER shows badge) We're with the FBI.

WILCZEK: What took you guys so long. Oh, do you mind taking off your shoes?

(WILCZEK leads MULDER and Short!SCULLY barefoot through the house)

WILCZEK: You can divide the computer science industry into two types of people - - neat and scruffy.

SCULLY: I take it Benjamin Drake fit into the first category.

WILCZEK: Neat people like things neat. They wear nicely pressed suits and work on surface phenomena. Things they can understand. Market shares, and third quarter profits.

SCULLY: And you had a different vision for the company?

WILCZEK: I started Eurisko out of my parents' garage. I was 22 years old. I'd just spent a year following around the Grateful Dead. You know what Eurisko means?

MULDER: That's from the Greek, isn't it? Um, "I learn things."

WILCZEK: Not exactly. It means "I discover things." (MULDER shrugs) Unfortunately, Ben Drake wasn't interested in discovery. He was a short-sighted, power-hungry opportunist. (Goes to computer) Let me show you something - Smart Home. From this prototype, I have access to every square foot of my house. This place is as safe as Fort Knox and as energy efficient as your average igloo. We were two years ahead of Microsoft and Cebus when Drake, in his infinite wisdom, killed the program.

MULDER: Mr. Wilczek, is this system related to the one in your corporate building?

WILCZEK: Variation on a theme.

MULDER: In your opinion, how many people know the system well enough to override it?

WILCZEK: Finally the bonus question. Not many is the answer.

MULDER: Could someone have hacked into the system?

WILCZEK: Well, not your average phone freak, that's for sure. But there's plenty of kooks out there. Data travelers, Electro wizards, techno anarchists. Anything's possible.

SCULLY: Could you have done it?

WILCZEK: Of course. I designed the system. That's why you guys are here, isn't it? I'm your logical suspect.

SCULLY: You don't seem too worried.

WILCZEK: It's a puzzle, Miss Scully, and scruffy minds like me like puzzles. We enjoy walking down unpredictable avenues of thought, turning new corners - - but as a general rule, scruffy minds don't commit murder.

(MULDER and SCULLY share a look under ominous music)




SCENE 10
SCULLY'S APARTMENT
(SCULLY working at computer)

SCULLY VOICE OVER: Some see genius as the ability to connect the unconnected -- to make juxtapositions, to see relationships where others cannot. Is Brad Wilczek a genius? I don't know. But I do know this for certain. He has a predilection for elaborate game playing. He has an intimate knowledge of the Eurisko building and he has a demonstrable motive for killing Benjamin Drake. The question remains. But if he is so clever how do we nail him? End of field journal, October 24, 1993.

(SCULLY turns off monitor, turns off light, goes into bedroom removing earrings, jacket and shoes. Computer beeps, monitor turns back on (?!) modem connects. SCULLY'S report comes up along with message "COS SCANNING: Scully, Dana --- Data Intercept." Camera shows that screen is now that of the COS inside the Eurisko building that we saw in the teaser.)

COS COMPUTER: File opened.




SCENE 11
X-FILES OFFICE
(MULDER and SCULLY listening to tapes of WILCZEK. SCULLY isolates the word "eastern." JERRY enters.)

MULDER: (to SCULLY) Will you give me a second? (SCULLY nods. MULDER steps outside the office with JERRY.)

JERRY: Look, I'm here with my hat in my hand. I screwed up - - I'm sorry. (Grins) What more can I say?

MULDER: All you had to do was ask. I would've helped you with the profile.

JERRY: You don't know what it's like, Mulder.

MULDER: What *what's* like?

JERRY: You heard about Atlanta?

MULDER: Yea ...

JERRY: They got me on six month's probation. I got to file daily reports like some cherry new agent.

MULDER: That was bad luck. That could have happened to anybody.

JERRY: Not to you.

MULDER: Don't run yourself down, Jerry. You're a good agent. We did some good work together.

JERRY: Let's face it. I was tagging along.

MULDER: That's not how it was.

JERRY: How would you know, Mulder? You were too busy dazzling them up there on the high wire.

SCULLY: (from the office) Mulder, take a look. (MULDER nods for JERRY to follow, then goes to SCULLY) We borrowed this from the voice biometrics lab at Georgetown. (Indicates voice analyzer.) It's a computer spectrogram capable of identifying individual speech patterns. Now this is the recording the Central Operating System made of the phone call Drake received just before he died.

RECORDING: At the tone, Eastern Standard Time will be 7:35 p.m.

SCULLY: And this we spliced together from a series of lectures Brad Wilczek gave at the Smithsonian last year.

RECORDING 2: At the tone, Eastern Standard Time will be 7:35 p.m.

SCULLY: Now we'll stack them. (plays them together)

JERRY: Your saying this is the same person?

MULDER: I'm saying that both voices are Brad Wilczek's. He may have disguised his voice electronically, but he couldn't alter the form that is unique to his own speech patterns.

SCULLY: Which means that he was the one that killed Drake. He had the motive and the means. And now we have the physical evidence. (Draws circles on the computer screen with a *hopefully* dry erase marker.) Judge Benson lives in Washington Heights. I can get a warrant in less than an hour.

JERRY: Someone has to make sure Wilczek stays put.

MULDER: I'll go with you.

JERRY: No. Let me bring him in alone. I need this one, Mulder.

MULDER: All right.

(JERRY leaves, smiling)




SCENE 12
WILCZEK'S HOUSE
(WILCZEK typing at computer.)

WILCZEK: Come on, come on. Let me in. (Screen says "Access Denied.") Damn!

(WILCZEK leaves his house and drives off in his early 60's ? Corvette. On the street, JERRY starts his car and follows.)




SCENE 13
EURISKO BUILDING
(WILCZEK runs in past security cameras to elevators.)

GUARD: Mr. Wilczek!

(In elevator camera watches WILCZEK)

ELEVATOR: Going up. Second floor...Third floor...Fourth floor...

(JERRY enters building and shows badge to GUARD.)

GUARD: Can I help you?

JERRY: FBI

(WILCZEK enters control room and begins typing. Screen prints "System access granted.")

COMPUTER: Welcome back, Brad.

WILCZEK: (speaking as he types) You're not equipped with a voice synthesizer. What is my user level?

COMPUTER: That is now at the discretion of the Operating System.

(JERRY enters elevator.)

ELEVATOR: `Going up. (Counts up floors. At 16th floor WILCZEK notices.)

WILCZEK: What are you doing?

COMPUTER: Sorry. Those commands are not available at your current user level. Try again.

(24th floor. JERRY checks his gun.)

WILCZEK: What are you doing!

COMPUTER: What are you doing! (echo)

(WILCZEK tries to manually shut down system. Elevator sticks between 29 and 30, repeating the numbers very quickly, then stops. Doors open to solid wall.)

JERRY: Oh, man.

(Elevator camera focuses on JERRY.)

ELEVATOR: Going down.

(As elevator goes into free fall, JERRY falls to floor.)

WILCZEK: NO!! Don't do this!

(Elevator crashes to bottom. Screen goes blank. WILCZEK horrified.)

COMPUTER: Program executed.




SCENE 14
X-FILES OFFICE
(MULDER watching video of JERRY falling with the elevator and of WILCZEK watching. SCULLY enters.)

SCULLY: I heard about Jerry. I'm sorry.

MULDER: I don't think Wilczek did it.

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: It doesn't make sense. Why would he go back to Eurisko?

SCULLY: To destroy evidence. To cover his tracks.

MULDER: If you were going to destroy evidence, would you pose for the cameras?

(Show SCULLY tape of WILCZEK. SCULLY turns off tape and kneels beside MULDER.)

SCULLY: Mulder, you've been through a lot - - more than I think even you realize.

MULDER: I think Wilczek is smarter than this. (Turns on tape again.)

SCULLY: (after deep breath) He just signed a confession. How much proof do you need?




SCENE 15
WILCZEK'S HOUSE
(MULDER drives up to Wilczek's house. Several men in suits are in driveway.)

SUIT #1: Excuse me sir, this is a crime scene. You're going to have to leave.

MULDER: Yeah, I know. (Shows badge) I ordered the subpoena.

SUIT #1: That subpoena's been obviated.

MULDER: What are you talking about?

SUIT #1: Unless you've got a code five clearance, I'm going to have to ask you to turn back.

(MULDER, obviously NOT having a code five clearance, gets back in his car and leaves.)




SCENE 16
PARK BENCH
(MULDER on park bench. DEEP THROAT arrives and MULDER rises to walk with him.)

MULDER: Thanks for coming.

DEEP THROAT: I'm here against my better judgement. In the future I must insist that you respect the terms of our arrangement.

MULDER: I need to know why Brad Wilczek is the subject of a code five investigation. What the Defense Department wants with him.

DEEP THROAT: What do you think they'd want with the most innovative programmer in this hemisphere?

MULDER: Software.

DEEP THROAT: For years, Wilczek has thumbed his nose at any contract involving weapons applications. He's a bleeding heart.

MULDER: What kind of software?

DEEP THROAT: How much do you know about artificial intelligence?

MULDER: I thought it was only theoretical.

DEEP THROAT: It was, until two years ago. You remember Helsinki, the first time that a chess playing computer ever beat a Grand Master? (MULDER nods.) That was Wilczek's program. And the rumor was that he did it by developing the first adaptive network.

MULDER: An adaptive network?

DEEP THROAT: It's a learning machine. A computer that actually thinks. And it's, ah, become something of a holy grail for some of our more acquisitive colleagues in the Department of Defense.




SCENE 17
FEDERAL DETENTION CENTER
WASHINGTON, D.C.
WILCZEK: They make me wear shoes all the time. What else do you want from me?

MULDER: I want you to tell me why you're willing to spend the rest of your life in prison for a crime you didn't commit.

WILCZEK: What are you talking about? I'm guilty.

MULDER: I know you're innocent. You're protecting a machine -- the Central Operating System at Eurisko.

WILCZEK: If I'm protecting anything, it's not the machine.

MULDER: Then what?

WILCZEK: After the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki - - Robert Oppenheimer spent the rest of his life regretting he'd ever glimpsed an atom.

MULDER: Oppenheimer may have regretted his actions but he never denied responsibility for them.

WILCZEK: He loved the work, Mr. Mulder. His mistake was in sharing it with an immoral government. I won't make the same mistake.

MULDER: But your machine killed Drake. And it killed my friend.

WILCZEK: I'm sorry about what happened. But there's nothing I can do.

MULDER: And you talk about morality. You're afraid of the government but you're willing to accept the risk that your machine will kill again.

WILCZEK: The lesser of two evils.

MULDER: What about a third option. You created that machine. Now you tell me how to destroy it.




SCENE 18
OUTSIDE FBI BUILDING
(MULDER and SCULLY walking outside the FBI building.)

MULDER: Wilczek can create a virus that will destroy the system.

SCULLY: Mulder, don't you see, blaming the machine is an alibi, and a bad one.

MULDER: But it's the only thing that makes sense. The COS project was posting big losses for Eurisko and Drake was about to terminate the program.

SCULLY: So the machine killed Drake out of self-defense?

MULDER: Self-preservation. It's the primary instinct of all sentient beings.

SCULLY: Mulder, that level of artificial intelligence is decades away from being realized.

MULDER: Then why was our government trying to usurp Wilczek's research?

SCULLY: (pulling him aside) Mulder, I think you're looking for something that isn't there. And I think it has something to do with Jerry. Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea if you talked to someone.

MULDER: You're probably right. (Starts to leave.)

SCULLY: Where are you going?

MULDER: To talk to someone. (SCULLY watches him leave)




SCENE 19
FEDERAL DETENTION CENTER
(Guard opens door to WILCZEK's cell. MULDER enters, opens early 90's laptop, LOL)

MULDER: How much time do you need?




SCENE 20
SCULLY'S BEDROOM
SCULLY ASLEEP. CLOCK 1:31. Phone rings. SCULLY picks it up)

SCULLY: Hello?

(Modem sounds are heard over the phone. SCULLY hangs up and runs to her computer which is displaying her files.)

SCULLY: Oh my God. (Dials out on another line.) This is Special Agent Dana Scully, ID number 2317-616. I need you to run a quick trace on a number for me. Yeah, 202-555-6431. Yeah, that's my number. Somebody's accessing my computer.




SCENE 21
OUTSIDE EURISKO BUILDING
NIGHT
(MULDER opens his trunk, then turns to see SCULLY pulling up. License 3Y7-260)

SCULLY: Mulder!

MULDER: Scully, what are you doing here?

SCULLY: Someone or something's been scanning my computer files. Tapping my phones. I traced the line. It came from somewhere in there.

MULDER: It's the machine.

SCULLY: How can we get in?

MULDER: You remember the Trojan Horse? (Reaches in trunk and pulls out VA license plate EURISKO)

(MULDER and SCULLY in car at metal gate entrance to parking deck. Computer scans the EURISKO plate. Green light PASS, and gate slides up.)

MULDER: (grinning) Open, Sesame! (SCULLY is not amused.)

(Computer watches them drive forward. When they are directly under the gate, a red and white bar stops them.)

MULDER: Oh, what the - -

(They look up and see the gate with evil little spikes crashing down on top of the car.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(Horn is blaring as MULDER and SCULLY crawl out the drivers side of the smashed car. Mechanic!Mulder opens the hood and pulls the plug on the horn.)

MULDER: So much for the element of surprise. What do you say we take the stairs? (Computer watches them cross the garage.)




SCENE 22
STAIRWELL
(MULDER and SCULLY in stairwell, SCULLY still in her heels - better woman than I)

MULDER: 28 down, one to go. (Lights go out)

SCULLY: Oh, great. Mulder?

(Long pause. MULDER shines flashlight at SCULLY.)

MULDER: Trick or treat.

(SCULLY sighs. Flashlight illuminates #29. Computer watches. SCULLY reaches for doorknob.)

MULDER: No! (stops her)

SCULLY: What are you doing?

MULDER: I don't want to make the same mistake Drake made. (Takes insulated screwdriver out of his bag. When he touches it to the lock, WHAMMMMO!!!! Huge flash, lots of sparks. SCULLY jumps back. Beeping sound starts. MULDER tries door. Still locked. He looks around and points at security camera.)

MULDER: (to camera) What are you looking at? (Camera POV as MULDER puts glove over the lens. MULDER takes flashlight and looks around, then up at a ceiling vent. Then looks down at SCULLY.)

(SCULLY, shoeless now, is boosted by MULDER into the vent.)

SCULLY: Unh....

MULDER: There should be a way for you to drop down and open the door.

(SCULLY crawls into air duct tunnel and goes left.)

MULDER: (waiting, to himself) Come on, Scully.

(SCULLY crawling around. Air begins to blow)

(Door beeps and buzzes.)

MULDER: Scully? (Door opens)

PETERSON: Agent Mulder? What are you doing here?

(SCULLY in increasingly windy duct. Has trouble crawling. Debris flying. She is blown backwards. Wheeeee!)

SCULLY: Ahhhhh!!!!!

(She grabs a corner, but slips. Is about to slide into a large spinning fan, but catches another corner. Accidentally drops flashlight which falls into fan knocking off a fan blade.)

(MULDER and PETERSON enter the COS control room.)

PETERSON: The machine's been acting all crazy. Power surges, shut off. That's why I'm here so late.

MULDER: Where's the B port?

PETERSON: Oh, it's right back here. (Opens console. MULDER gets tool out of his bag.) Look, are you sure you know what you're doing? Because if you don't, it's my job on the line.

(MULDER attaches electronic device to console. Screen reads Access Denied.)

MULDER: Damn.

(SCULLY in wind tunnel pulls out her gun and begins shooting at the fan. Two more blades down.)

(MULDER tries again. Screen reads Begin Algorithm Code Program.)

COMPUTER: System access granted. (MULDER claps his hands together and runs to keyboard.) User code level seven.

MULDER: Now I can put in the virus.

PETERSON: (aims a gun at MULDER) Not bad, Agent Mulder. You know, I've been trying to access the CPU for the past two years. Now please, take out your gun and remove the clip. (MULDER sighs, and obeys.) Careful.

MULDER: Defense Department?

PETERSON: Lets just say our paychecks are signed by the same person. Now give me the diskette and step away from the console. (MULDER doesn't move.) You don't want to test my resolve, Agent Mulder. (Mulder hands him diskette.)

(Very windblown SCULLY opens the door, pointing gun at PETERSON.)

SCULLY: (don't mess with me attitude) Put down the gun.

PETERSON: Look, you may think you know what you're dealing with -

SCULLY: Shut up and drop the gun.

PETERSON: (Setting down the gun) You're making a mistake, Agent Scully. Compromising your sworn duty. This operation is more sensitive than you can possibly imagine.

MULDER: Don't listen to him.

PETERSON: The technology in this machine is of enormous scientific interest.

MULDER: The machine's a monster, Scully. It's already killed two people. They won't be able to handle it any better than Wilczek did.

PETERSON: Make no mistake ..... *You* will be held accountable.

SCULLY: (after a pause) Mulder, put in the disc.

(MULDER puts in disc. Doesn't have to push enter or anything. Hmmm.)

COMPUTER: What are you doing, Brad? Don't do this, Brad. (Gibberish. Screen fills with gibberish also. Elevator doors open and close, cameras swing back and forth.) Brad....Brad....Why?

(MULDER and SCULLY look relieved. Light all come back on in building.)




SCENE 23
PARK
(Outside day on bench with Deep Throat)

MULDER: I checked with Congressman Klebanon and the Department of Corrections Subcommittee. I even petitioned the Attorney General's office.

DEEP THROAT: You won't find him.

MULDER: They can't just take a man like Brad Wilczek without an explanation.

DEEP THROAT: *They* can do anything they want.

MULDER: Where is he?

DEEP THROAT: In the middle of what we in the trade call "hard bargaining."

MULDER: Wilczek won't deal. He'll never work for them.

DEEP THROAT: Loss of freedom does funny things to a man, and remember, Wilczek confessed to two murders, and you effectively destroyed the only evidence that could have exonerated him.

MULDER: What else could I have done?

DEEP THROAT: Nothing... Unless you were willing to let the technology survive.

MULDER: The Department of Defense still hasn't found anything?

DEEP THROAT: They've been on it for five days. Wilczek's virus was thorough. It left no trace of the artificial intelligence. The machine is dead. (DT rises and leaves)




SCENE 24
DOD LAB
PETERSON: (on phone) We've pushed the pulse code modulations to the limit. Nothing. (Techies carrying around pieces of computer) We've combed the parsing subroutine. Yes, sir. Twice. No, sir. Still nothing. But I'd like to request .... Yes, sir. No, I understand. Yes, sir. (hangs up) Well, six more hours before we have to consign the whole damn thing to the metal shredder.

TECH: We'll do what we can, sir.

(Behind PETERSON, light comes on, camera looks at PETERSON)

PETERSON: (Camera POV) I'm going to figure this thing out if it kills me.

[THE END]


SCENE 1
ARCTIC ICE CORE PROJECT; ICY CAPE, ALASKA;
250 MILES NORTH OF THE ARCTIC CIRCLE
(A large installation is ravaged by a harsh snowstorm. The temperature is forty below, and the time is 8:29. A dog pulls his head out of a barrel, whimpers and starts walking. As he walks, we see the room is a mess and there is a dead man on the floor. He continues whimpering and turns a corner, walking under a hand of another dead man. A rugged looking man, John Richter, knocks over a box, gun in hand, shot in the leg. He has two wounds across his chest, one on each pec, and they are bleeding heavily. His breathing is heavy as he stops and looks around. Richter walks over to a console and flips a few switches, turning machines on. He turns on a video camera and a light and sits down.)

RICHTER: We're not... who... we are. We're not... who we are. It goes no further than this. It stops right here... right now.

(Suddenly, a man comes up from behind up, puts his arm around Richter's neck and pulls him off his chair. The two men grunt as Richter slams the man into the wall behind him. The man is obviously insane, his eyes gleaming as he rams Richter into a sheet of metal on the far wall. Richter spins around and knocks him into a cabinet. He grabs the man's wrist and slams it twice into the upper corner of the cabinet, forcing him to release the gun he was holding. He pushes his face away but the man punches him in the gut. Richter grabs him by the throat, slams him into the cabinet, then shoves him through a glass pane. Richter punches him, stands up, limps back towards the console and takes his gun off of the counter. He aims it at the man, who walks back in, gun aimed directly at Richter. They walk towards each other until the nozzles are only about an inch or two away from the other's face. There is a pause as they measure each other up. Richter slowly lowers his gun. The insane man, perplexed, does the same. Richter slowly brings the gun up to his own head. The insane man follows course. Outside the bunker, we hear two shots ring out.)




SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(On a TV, static comes up followed by a short screen patch. A video comes on of five men around a beer keg. A few of them are holding beers. One of the men is Richter; another is the insane man.)

RICHTER: Team Captain John Richter here. It's been a couple of frustrating months but after a great deal of stick-with-it-ness, we're very proud to report that as of a half-hour ago, we surpassed the previous record for drilling down into an ice sheet.

MAN: All right!

(The man high five and shake hands. The tape is paused. We zoom out to see that Mulder is showing Scully the tape. He is sitting in front of the monitor as she is standing behind his desk, looking at a file.)

MULDER: This team of scientists made up the Arctic Ice Core Project. They were sent to Alaska by the government's Advanced Research Project Agency nearly a year ago to drill into the arctic ice.

(He stands and tears a paper from a printer as she sits down.)

The samples they removed contained trapped gases, dust, chemicals... evidence that could reveal the structure of the earth's climate back to the dawn of man. Their work was a success, nearly completed. No reports or indications of problems of any kind until only a week later, this next
transmission was received.

(He presses a button on the remote control. On the monitor, a blue screen comes up with the following:

" AICP
Arctic
Ice Core
Project
Transmission received:
November 5, 1993
8:30 AM AST"

Richter is sitting at the chair, as before. We are looking from the camera's POV and he is much closer. We can only see the left side of his face.)

RICHTER: We're not... who... we are. We're not... who we are. It goes no further than this. It stops... right here... right now.

(Scully watches, wide-eyed. The man rushes and pulls him off as the transmission breaks into static.)

SCULLY: What happened up there?

(He presses another button on the remote and kneels down next to her.)

MULDER: So far nobody's been able to reach to reach the compound because of bad weather. Obviously, they either think we're either brilliant or expendable because we've pulled the assignment.

SCULLY: Is it severe isolation distress?

MULDER: These were top geophysicists. They were trained and screened for this project in every way imaginable, including psychological makeup. We leave for Nome today.

(He stands and goes to a map. She follows. He traces his finger from Nome to the Icy Cape.)

We'll meet with three scientists familiar with the ice core project then head north up to the Icy Cape. The National Weather Service reports a three-day window to get in and out before the next arctic storm. Bring your mittens.

(He walks out behind her.)




SCENE 3
DOOLITTLE AIRFIELD; NOME, ALASKA
(Men load a plane full of cargo as a man, Prof. Danny Murphy, sits and listens to his walkman in the back near the hangar door, sitting on a crate.)

RADIO ANNOUNCER: Fouts looks over the Raiders' defense... here's the snap. Raiders blitz! Fouts dumps it across the middle to Winslow! He's at the 15! The 10! Touchdown San Diego!

(The man stands and laughs giddily.)

MURPHY: Touchdown! Fouts... is... God!

(He spins around and stops, having noticed Mulder and Scully walking towards him. He pulls out the earphones and turns back to them.)

Sorry. My team scored.

SCULLY: There's no football on Wednesday.

(Mulder puts down his bag.)

MULDER: Fouts retired in '87, didn't he?

MURPHY: No, this is just some of my all-time favorite plays on tape. You two F.B.I.?

MULDER: Agent Mulder and Agent Scully, you?

(Mulder points to himself, then to Scully, then shakes the man's hand.)

MURPHY: Danny Murphy, professor of geology at U. C. San Diego.

MULDER: San Diego? You get much of a chance to study ice down there?

MURPHY: Just what's around the keg.

(Mulder laughs. A man, Hodge, and a woman, DaSilva, walk towards them. The man is pushing some equipment on a roller.)

SCULLY: Dr. DaSilva, Dr. Hodge?

HODGE: Yeah, sorry we're late.

(Hodge shakes hands with Mulder, then Scully, then Murphy. DaSilva does the same.)

SCULLY: Hi, Agent Mulder, Agent Scully...

MULDER: Mulder, nice to meet you.

HODGE: How're you doing, Mister Mulder?

MULDER: Hi.

HODGE: Can I see some identification?

MULDER: What for?

HODGE: I just want to make sure we are who we say we are.

(They all take out their ID. Hodge shows his to Murphy, DaSilva shows hers to the agents.)

That's me.

MURPHY: That's you. (showing ID to him) It's me.

HODGE: It's you.

MULDER: (Showing it to Hodge) It's me!

HODGE: Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.

MULDER: (looking at DaSilva's ID) It's you.

HODGE: Well, now that we know who we are, anybody care to take a guess as to why we're going?

MURPHY: Well, two federal agents, a geologist, a medical doctor and a toxicologist. That should give us some idea what they're thinking.

SCULLY: I assume you all took a look at the tape.

(DaSilva and Hodge look at each other.)

MULDER: Something wrong?

DASILVA: Come on, you're F.B.I. You have to know more than we do.

(Loud music blares from a jeep that pulls up. A man named Bear gets out of the car and goes around to the back.)

BEAR: You folks the ones going up to Icy Cape?

MULDER: Yeah.

BEAR: Then I'm the one flying you. My name's Bear. The plane's across the way, provisions are loaded. Grab your gear.

(He takes a bag out and starts walking.)

HODGE: Oh, could we see some credentials?

(Bear stops, laughs and walks back over to Hodge.)

BEAR: Credentials. The only credentials that I have is that I'm the only pilot willing to fly you up there. You don't like those credentials... walk.

(Bear continues walking. Murphy and Mulder laugh to themselves as they collect their gear. We see the plane flying past mountains.)




SCENE 4
ARCTIC ICE CORE PROJECT; ICY CAPE, ALASKA
(Mulder prys open the door and the rest follow in, all carrying flashlights and wearing parkas. They look down to see Richter and the insane man lying on the ground, dead, guns near them.)

MULDER: Bear? See if you can get the power started.

BEAR: Anything to get out of here.

(He walks towards the back.)

SCULLY: Where do we start?

HODGE: Body bags are on the plane.

MULDER: Before we touch anything, we have to thoroughly document the scene.

(They start off towards the back. Scully takes out her camera.)

SCULLY: Flashing.

(She takes a picture. Mulder opens up a cabinet that says "Ice Cores 3,175 - 3,260. Inside there are piles of ice inside containers. The ice is melting. Murphy walks up behind him.)

MULDER: That's what they were drilling for. Quarter of a million years melting away in a couple of days.

MURPHY: I want to preserve some samples.

(He reaches in and takes a container. We hear the camera going off in the bathroom. DaSilva opens up a door and is startled to hear a bang and some rumbling. Mulder walks up to her.)

MULDER: It's the generator.

DASILVA: Oh.

(They walk in. The lights turn on and a growling is heard. DaSilva turns around and sees the dog.)

Agent Mulder! Look out!

(The dog jumps on Mulder, attacking him. Bear, Murphy and Hodge all run in. Mulder struggles to his feet but is knocked down again. Bear runs over and grabs the dog as Scully runs in.)

BEAR: Hold on.

(The dog knocks Bear down and bites his hand, breaking the skin. Mulder takes a coat and wraps it around the dog's head as Hodge gets a needle.)

HODGE: Hold it down!

(Hodge runs over and injects the dog with the needle. The dog whimpers as Bear applies pressure to the wound. Murphy, Mulder and DaSilva put the dog up on the table.)

SCULLY: You okay?

MULDER: Yeah, he didn't break the skin. Bear, you okay?

BEAR: He got me.

HODGE: Take that jacket off.

BEAR: Just give me the stuff, I'll do it myself.

DASILVA: Is it rabies?

(Hodge goes over to the dog. Scully looks at the dog's paw.)

HODGE: I don't see any indication of glodal spasm or tetany. If it is rabies, it's certainly not a strain I'm familiar with.

(He lifts the paw up to reveal black spots on the sweat nodes.)

SCULLY: Look at this. Black nodules. Swollen lymph nodes.

DASILVA: Symptoms of the bubonic plague.

HODGE: I'll do a blood test, we'll take it from that.

(Hodge walks away. Scully moves away some hair to reveal a place on the skin that had been irritated, hair torn off.)

SCULLY: This dog has got a skin irritation on it's neck.

MURPHY: It looks like it's been scratching off it's own hair.

(A bump moves down across the part under the skin.)

SCULLY: Look at this, look at this!

(Hodge runs over to look. The bump recedes back away from view.)

MURPHY: What the hell was that?

(They all look at each other. In the bathroom, Bear finishes taping up the wound. He keels over in pain, holding his stomach and sits down on the toilet. He takes off his shirt and looks in the mirror. Under his arm are the same black nodules as the dog had. Scully stands up, writing on her notes. She walks towards Mulder.)

SCULLY: From the autopsies, it's clear that these men killed each other. There are contusions around the throat areas of three men, evidence of strangulation.

(Mulder nods. Bear starts listening.)

Richter and Campbell killed themselves. I also found tissue damage due to fever.

BEAR: Did any of them have the black spots that the dog had?

SCULLY: No. None of them had the black nodules.

BEAR: So, uh, those spots didn't have anything to do with those guys killing each other, right?

(Hodge walks in.)

HODGE: I wouldn't rule it out. I just reexamined the dog. The nodules are gone.

MULDER: What could that mean?

HODGE: Well, it could mean that the spots are a symptom of some disease at an early stage.

(Hodge, Mulder and Scully walk over to the lab. Bear starts dragging the bodies, now in bodybags, out. DaSilva walks over to the counter and picks up one of the guns, which is in an evidence bag. She moves it on top of a few other bags and picks up a clipboard. Mulder picks up a few clipboards around another table until he finds a folder. Written on the folder is "We are not who we are" three times, and then it is written twice in big letters.)

MULDER: Danny?

(He walks over to Murphy, who is looking at a paper, pen in mouth and listening to his tape player.)

Danny.

(He waves his hand in front of Murphy's face, who is startled. He takes out his earphones.)

MURPHY: Sorry. The play-off game against Miami, '82. Helps to get my mind off stuff.

MULDER: My interpretation of satellite remote sensing photos is a little rusty.

(He shows Murphy an overhead picture of a vast arctic landscape.)

MURPHY: Alright, this is the Icy Cape area. It approximates the depth of the ice sheet to be about 3,000 meters thick.

(Mulder shows him another folder.)

MULDER: I also found this data and if I'm reading it correctly, the team actually found the ice sheet to be twice that depth.

MURPHY: That's very good. The numbers indicate the topography to be concave. Looks like they were drilling inside a meteor crater.

(Hodge and Scully are sitting at a desk, microscope in front of them.)

HODGE: No, you're wrong. That's impossible.

SCULLY: I analyzed two samples.

(Mulder walks over.)

MULDER: What'd you find?

SCULLY: There seems to be a presence of ammonium hydroxide in Richter's blood sample.

(DaSilva walks in and over.)

HODGE: It's not possible. Ammonia would vaporize at human body temperature.

DASILVA: I checked all the air filtration systems. I found no evidence of any such toxins.

(Murphy stands.)

MURPHY: I have.

(They all look back at him.)

In the ice. And that's not all there is.

(He motions for Mulder to come back to his desk as he takes off his coat. Bear walks in and stands at the doorway.)

I found a high ratio of ammonia to water in the ice core. The earth's atmosphere could never have produced such high levels, not even a quarter of a million years ago. Look in the scope.

(Scully walks over as Mulder looks into the scope.)

MULDER: Unless a foreign object was introduced into that environment.

MURPHY: Tell me that's not a foreign object.

(A small, skeletal shaped worm moves around inside the sample.)

MULDER: Holy... Scully.

(He motions to Scully, who looks in the scope. Bear walks to the desk.)

SCULLY: That same thing is in Richter's blood.

(She walks over to her microscope.)

What if that single-celled organism is the larval stage of a larger animal?

(Hodge looks up from his microscope and walks over.)

HODGE: That's kind of a leap, don't you think?

(Mulder looks into the scope.)

SCULLY: The evidence is there.

MURPHY: Maybe the organism in the ice core somehow got into the men.

DASILVA: Come on, nothing can survive in sub-zero temperatures for a quarter of a million years.

MULDER: Unless that's how it lives.

(Bear walks over.)

BEAR: Look-it, I don't see why you're squabbling over some bug. You said it yourself, Scully, your autopsy found those men killed each other. That's it. Now I say, let's just get the hell out of here.

HODGE: I agree. We can have the bodies sent to a facility where they can make a definitive diagnosis in the event that something was missed, Agent Scully.

MULDER: If those bodies are infected with an unknown organism, we can't take them back. We can't go back without proper quarantine procedures. We can't risk bringing back the next plague.

BEAR: Let's say you're right, they came down with something. We haven't and I ain't waiting around until we do.

(Bear starts out, but turns back when he hears Hodge.)

HODGE: I think it's safe to go back. There's no reason why we'd be infected. We've taken all the necessary biological safeguards.

DASILVA: The dog did bite Bear.

BEAR: It jumped Mulder too!

(Bear comes back and tries to get in Mulder's face, but DaSilva gets between them.)

MULDER: It didn't break the skin -

SCULLY: Hey, look, there's only one way to proceed. A good doctor eliminates every possibility. We must determine if any of us is infected.

(There is an uncomfortable pause.)

HODGE: Alright, parasitic diagnostic procedure requires that each of us provide a blood and a stool sample.

BEAR: A stool sample?

MURPHY: Well, this kind of travel always makes that kind of tough... for me.

(Scully puts some jars down on the counter.)

MULDER: Okay, anyone got the morning sports section handy?

(Bear picks up a jar.)

BEAR: I ain't dropping my cargo for no one.

(He throws the jar into the far wall. It shatters and DaSilva lets out a little yelp.)

What I'm doing is getting my gear, getting my plane and flying the hell out of here.

(He starts out.)

MULDER: You can't go, the dog bit you.

(Bear turns around and gets in his face.)

BEAR: I got hired to fly you up here and fly you back. No one said this might be part of the deal. So the deal is over.

(Bear walks out.)

SCULLY: We can't let him leave without him being checked.

DASILVA: Who's going to stop him?

MULDER: We have to. We can't risk infecting the population.

DASILVA: He gets on that plane, I'm gonna be on it with him.

SCULLY: Well, we don't have time to argue about it.

MULDER: Take a vote. Whoever believes we should confine Bear until he agrees to an examination?

(Mulder, Scully and Murphy raise their hands.)

All right.

(Mulder takes out his gun as Bear walks in carrying two bags.)

Bear, we just want to check you out. If we don't find any trace of the parasite or the virus, we'll all go.

(They all look at Bear. He pauses, looks at Mulder's gun, and walks over to the desk.)

BEAR: All right, give me the damn jar.

(He picks up the jar. Mulder starts to put the gun away as Bear breaks the jar over his head. Mulder screams a bit. Bear starts to run but Scully tackles him. Mulder runs over to help hold him down as the rest watch.)

MULDER: Murphy, get a rope!

MURPHY: Right.

(Murphy goes off to get a rope. Bear grunts repeatedly and heavily as Mulder picks him up and slams his head down on the counter, shoving off the glasses and papers with his head. Murphy runs back and gives him the rope.)

Here!

(Mulder starts to tie him up as Bear starts spasming. DaSilva notices the little bump in his neck, moving around.)

DASILVA: Oh my God... oh!

HODGE: Get my bag!

SCULLY: What are you gonna do?

(Murphy holds Bear's head down as DaSilva comes back with the bag.)

HODGE: Scalpel, I'm cutting it out.

MULDER: We don't know enough about it!

HODGE: It's killing him!

(Bear starts spasming harder.)

Scully, help me hold the skin.

(Mulder looks closer as Scully puts on gloves and holds the skin apart. DaSilva places tools on the desk.)

Hold still, Bear!

(Bear screams as the scalpel goes in.)

Forceps!

(DaSilva hands him the forceps.)

Hold still, Bear, just another second. You're gonna be okay.

(Mulder looks on, disgusted, as Hodge starts to pull the worm out of his neck. Hodge pulls at the worm, which has attached itself to some muscle. Bear moans as the worm is ripped off. Mulder runs to the next counter. The worm starts spurting black drops on Bear's neck. DaSilva coughs as Mulder comes back with a jar, which Hodge puts the worm in. Mulder closes the lid and hands it to Murphy. He walks over to the radio and turns it on.)

MULDER: This is the A.I.C.P. Investigative Team calling Doolittle Airfield, come in.

RADIO: D.A.F. responding.

MULDER: This is Agent Mulder, we have a serious biological hazard. Request air pick-up and quarantine procedures, over.

(Static.)

Come in, Doolittle Airfield.

RADIO: We copy, Agent Mulder. This area is under a heavy storm and no aircraft can get out for the next day. Maybe the military base in Kotzebue can set up a quarantine. Advise immediate evacuation, the arctic storm is bearing in your direction, over.

MULDER: We were told we would have three clear days of weather, over.

RADIO: Welcome to the top of the world, Agent Mulder. Over.

(Mulder walks back over to them.)

MULDER: Is Bear in any condition to fly? We don't get out in an hour, we don't get out for days.

(Scully and Hodge look at each other. They are wiping the blood of their hands. Scully looks back at Mulder.)

SCULLY: He's dead.

(Mulder walks over to Bear, still slumped over the table. Blood is on the table as well as the jar with the worm inside it. Later, the jar is now filled with ammonia and the worm swims around inside.)

HODGE: Well, it's similar to a tapeworm in that it has a scolex with suckers and hooks.

MURPHY: So then it's familiar? Something you can deal with?

(The jar is inside a freezer. Hodge closes the freezer door as Murphy and DaSilva stand behind him.)

DASILVA: What?

HODGE: No. Very different from any organism, at least that I know of.

(Hodge walks over to Mulder, who's sitting at a desk.)

MULDER: Have you figured out how it's transmitted yet?

HODGE: Exchange of fluids, touch, air, all of the above? I don't know.

(Scully walks in holding another jar.)

SCULLY: All of the other dead bodies had the creature. This is the only one that's still alive.

(They all walk over to the counter.)

MULDER: Were they all in the spine?

SCULLY: No. It appears that they were in the hypothalamus gland deep in the brain.

(She sets the jar down and fills it with ammonia.)

MURPHY: Hypothalamus... what was that again?

SCULLY: It's a gland that secretes hormones although I don't know why a parasite would want to attach to it.

(She puts the jar into the freezer and takes off her coat. She walks over to the counter as Hodge starts walking to the freezer.)

HODGE: Hypothalamus releases acetlycholine, which produces violent, aggresive behavior. That might be a connection. Everybody that's been infected certainly seems to act aggresively. Maybe the worm feeds on the acetlycholine which floods our capacity to control violent behavior.

SCULLY: Well, a parasite shouldn't want to kill it's host.

HODGE: It doesn't kill you until it's extracted. Then it releases a poison.

MULDER: You're saying it's possible that the worm makes you want to kill other people, which is maybe what happened to the first team.

DASILVA: Or what could happen to us.

HODGE: Well, it's just a theory. We don't have any definite proof.

MURPHY: Except five dead men.

SCULLY: If the worm makes people violently aggresive then why did Richter and Campbell kill themselves?

MULDER: Maybe they did it to save us.

(Mulder walks off. There is an uncomfortable pause. As the storm ravages the base, Scully checks the bodys. She zips up the bodybag as Mulder walks in.)

SCULLY: I'm just, uh... double-checking. Making sure I didn't miss anything.

MULDER: Just some sleep, huh?

SCULLY: Sleep. I'm so tired I can't sleep.

MULDER: We're all wired and hypersensitive, it'll be good to get a fresh start in the morning.

SCULLY: Mulder, I don't want to waste a second trying to find a way to kill this thing.

(She starts out.)

MULDER: I don't know if we should kill it.

(She turns back, shocked.)

This area of the ice sheet was formed over a meteor crater. The worm lived in ammonia. It survived sub-zero temperatures. Theorists in alternative life-designs believe in ammonia-supported life systems on planets with freezing temperatures.

SCULLY: No.

MULDER: The meteor that crashed here a quarter of a million years ago may have carried that type of life to earth.

SCULLY: Mulder, that pilot developed surface symptoms within a few minutes. Within a few hours, that parasite had total control. What would happen if this got into the population? A city the size of New York could be infected within a few days.

MULDER: Exactly. But what do we know about it? This organism might be lying dormant in another crater.

SCULLY: Mulder, if we don't kill it now, we run the risk of becoming Richter and Campbell with guns to our heads.

MULDER: But if we do kill it now, we may never know how to stop it or anything like it in the future.

(In the laboratory, Murphy puts on his earphones and works. Hodge and DaSilva stand around listening to Scully and Mulder, who can be heard yelling mostly illegibly in the background.)

SCULLY: Future? Mulder, how can you talk about the future when right now, there's... (trails off illegibly) ...or anyone has the right to?

MULDER: Do we have the right to destroy an organism which can provide... (trails off)

DASILVA: Tell me it's hot in here.

HODGE: Don't worry, you don't have a fever. The heating system's malfunctioning. Outside, it's forty below and in here we're sweltering.

DASILVA: Can you hear what they're arguing about?

(Hodge sits down as DaSilva takes off her coat.)

HODGE: They're probably discussing their little government secrets.

DASILVA: You think they knew it was up here before we arrived?

HODGE: I'm sure of it.

SCULLY: ...about them posing a biological hazard!

HODGE: You know, Bear's infected blood did get on Scully.

DASILVA: It also got on you.

(They get up and walk towards the back. Mulder and Scully charge into another room.)

MULDER: How do you know it can't be contained?

SCULLY: It can! By extermination, we should take those bodies, worms and all, outside and incinerate them!

(Hodge, Murphy and DaSilva walk in.)

HODGE: Something going on we should know about? Agent Scully, you all right?

SCULLY: Yes, I'm fine. It's nothing.

HODGE: You seem a little bit stressed out.

(Scully nods until she understands what Hodge is insinuating.)

SCULLY: What the hell are you trying to say?

(She goes to get in Hodge's face when Mulder gets between them.)

MULDER: Let's all just settle down, it's been a long hard day. We're all tired and scared. Let's not all turn on one another.

HODGE: At least not without a good reason.

MULDER: Maybe we should all get some sleep.

HODGE: You kidding? You think any of us could sleep right now? Guys, let's face it, we've got to check for spots. Any person or persons who has them should be confined. Are we agreed on that?

DASILVA: Are you going to do the exams?

SCULLY: No. We do them in front of each other. No secrets.

(Mulder, Murphy and Hodge all start to undress in a room.)

MULDER: Before anyone passes judgement, may I remind you we are in the Arctic.

(Scully checks out DaSilva, who has her arms raised as Scully checks for spots. We can only see DaSilva's back, though it is apparent that she is naked. Scully lowers her arm, holds her hand and smiles. They both sigh in relief. All five start off to their rooms, carrying flashlights down the hall.)

HODGE: Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite.

(He goes into his room.)

DASILVA: Yeah, good night.

(Murphy and DaSilva go into their rooms. All three doors slam shut at once.
Mulder and Scully enter the go to their doors.)

SCULLY: Good night, Mulder.

MULDER: Good night, Scully.

SCULLY: At least everyone's okay.

MULDER: Don't forget, the spots on the dog went away.

(Mulder closes his door. Scully goes into her room, turns on the light, and sets her bags and flashlight down on the bed. She goes over and turns on the wall lamp. She looks at a picture of the arctic team. She thinks for a moment, then moves the dresser in front of the door. She sits down next to it against the wall and curls up. Murphy listens to the radio, eyeing the door intently.)

RADIO ANNOUNCER: ...at the three yard line with fourth and goal and only fifteen seconds left in the game. Fouts goes over the ball, he snaps! He goes right...

(Hodge is making notes that say the following:

Mulder - attacked by dog

Scully - exposed to infected blood

Murphy - exposed to liquified ice core"

He eyes the door. DaSilva rolls over in bed, almost crying. Mulder puts his gun down on the dresser and looks at the door. Later, with the lights out, Mulder wakes with a startle. He immediately checks his gun. He looks for his shoes and hears a door close. He puts on his shoes and shirt, takes his gun and flashlight and sees that Murphy's door is open. Looking in, he sees no one. The walkman is on the bed. He goes into the lab, walking around. He is startled by the dog, which growls at him. He spins around, gun aimed, until he realizes it's the dog. He goes over to the desk, then looks at the freezer. Blood drips out under the door and onto the floor. He opens the door and Murphy falls out onto him, neck slit wide open and covered with blood. Scully, DaSilva and Hodge walk in.)

SCULLY: Mulder, what are you doing?

MULDER: Murphy's dead.

HODGE: You killed him.

MULDER: I found him like this. I heard one of the doors close, I came out to check it out. It's one of you.

HODGE: He's lying.

DASILVA: You could have done it and not even known.

SCULLY: No, he said he didn't do it.

MULDER: I don't have any of the symptoms.

SCULLY: You checked him yourself, Hodge.

HODGE: Yeah, six hours ago.

MULDER: It was one of you!

(Mulder starts towards Hodge but Scully gets between them.)

SCULLY: Stop it! Just stop it, shut up!

(Hodge and Mulder glare at each other.)

Mulder, just put the gun down and let Hodge give you a blood test.

MULDER: What, so he can doctor the results? I'm not gonna let him stick a needle in me! He could be infected!

HODGE: He has to be confined now!

SCULLY: Then just turn around and let us take a look at your neck!

MULDER: I'm not turning my back on anyone! As far as I'm concerned, you're all infected!

(Mulder walks back slowly, waving his gun around. Hodge inches over to the counter.)

DASILVA: Hodge is right, we oughta lock him up!

(Hodge grabs a crowbar and lurches a bit. Mulder points his gun at Hodge to stop him. Scully points her gun at Mulder.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

MULDER: Scully, get that gun off me!

SCULLY: Mulder, you have to understand!

(Mulder points his gun at Scully.)

MULDER: Put it down!

SCULLY: You put it down first!

MULDER: Scully! For God sakes, it's me!

SCULLY: Mulder... you may not be who you are.

(Mulder comes to his senses and lowers the gun. We see Mulder stepping into a dark storage room. He turns on the light as Scully stands in the doorway. He faces her.)

MULDER: In here, I'll be safer than you.

(Scully slides the door shut and bolts it. She leans against the door, thinking about what she has done. She starts off, looks back at the bolt, then walks off. Walking into the lab, she sees DaSilva asleep at the desk. Gun in hand, she walks over quietly and moves the back of her shirt down, trying to get a look at her neck. Hodge comes in and grabs her hand. DaSilva wakes up with a short scream.)

HODGE: What were you doing?

SCULLY: You know what I was doing.

HODGE: You know, I can't help thinking, Agent Scully, that you're the only one with a gun. If you get infected, we don't stand a chance, do we?

(Scully looks at them, takes out the clip, takes out her other gun, takes out that clip, and places the guns on the counter.

Okay.

(She goes to the main door and throws the clips away.)

DASILVA: Was there something there?

HODGE: You're okay, Nancy. We're all okay. Now is not the time for the three of us to break down and turn on each other.

SCULLY: There's four of us.

HODGE: Mulder isn't one of us anymore.

SCULLY: If Mulder is infected, it's not his fault! We can't turn our backs on him now, he needs us to help him!

DASILVA: She's right. Who knows what prolonged exposure to the parasite could do to him? It could damage him to the point of permanent psychosis.

(Scully starts off but Hodge grabs her arm.)

HODGE: But if he is infected, he doesn't go back! I won't risk the possibilities!

(She goes over to the radio and turns it on.)

SCULLY: This is A.I.C.P. calling Doolittle Airfield, please come in.

(Static.)

This is the Arctic Ice Core Project sending a general distress call, please respond!

(Static. Hodge and DaSilva looks through microscopes. Hodge is looking at the larvae.)

HODGE: Nanc, you wanna put a drop of the uninfected blood on the slide of the blood drawn from the pilot?

DASILVA: Run that by me again.

HODGE: Put the uninfected blood on the infected blood.

(She gets up and takes the slide over to a tube rack full of vials. Hodge looks over her shoulder. DaSilva puts another drop of blood on the slide. Hodge looks at it and smacks her on the butt with the clipboard. Scully walks in.)

No, damn it! What did I just get through telling you? You just infected already infected blood, now we have to start all over again.

DASILVA: I made a mistake, you don't have to yell at me.

HODGE: Wasted hours of work... (trails off)

(Hodge starts off, DaSilva follows.)

DASILVA: Well okay, well then maybe you could just do it by yourself! Damn it!
God, I'm not your assistant!

HODGE: Oh, get out of here...

DASILVA: All you do is just... (trails off)

(Scully looks through microscope and sees that the larvae are attacking each other viciously. Suddenly, they both go limp and die. Hodge walks back in.)

SCULLY: Hodge.

HODGE: What?

SCULLY: Come take a look at this. The larvae from two different worms killed each other.

(Hodge looks in the microscope. Scully goes over to the freezer and moves one of the jars from the bottom shelf right next to the other one. The worms try to get at each other through the glass. DaSilva and Hodge come over and look.)

An individual worm will not tolerate another invading it's host. It does to the invader what it did to humans. It makes them kill.

HODGE: It doesn't make sense for a species to kill it's own, it needs another to procreate.

DASILVA: Worms are hermaphroditic. It can reproduce itself.

SCULLY: Look at the evidence in the microscope. This thing does not like company.

HODGE: So what are you saying? The way to kill it is to introduce another worm into the already infected body?

(Scully nods. A short while later, Hodge injects a painkiller into the dog's ear to numb it. Scully, holding the worm with forceps, puts the worm down on the dog's ear. The worm crawls inside and the dog starts whimpering soon after. They put it back in it's cage. The dog's paws start shaking until the dog grows quieter. It lays down on it's belly and whimpers a bit more. Hodge opens the door and takes the dog's heartbeat with a stethescope.)

Sounds okay.

(Scully puts a bowl full of dog food on the ground and the dog comes over and starts eating. Scully pets it as DaSilva stands off to the side. Hodge comes in.)

It passed the worms in it's stool. They're dead.

(Scully unbolts the door to Mulder's makeshift cell. Hodge stands against the door.)

SCULLY: I want to talk to him first. Try to make this voluntary.

DASILVA: What?

HODGE: You can't go in alone.

SCULLY: If anything happens, you come inside. I can't do this to him until I'm sure.

(The door slides open and Mulder gets to his feet quickly, flinching.)

MULDER: It's just you?

SCULLY: Yes.

(The door slams shut. Scully turns on the light.)

MULDER: It's one of them.

SCULLY: No one's been killed since you've been in here.

MULDER: So?

SCULLY: We found a way to kill it. Two worms in one host will kill each other.

MULDER: You give me one worm, you'll infect me.

SCULLY: (whispering) If that's true, then why didn't you let us inspect you?

MULDER: (whispering) I would have but you pulled a gun on me. Now I don't trust them. I wanted to trust you.

SCULLY: (whispering) Okay. But now they're not here.

(Mulder turns around. Scully pulls down the back of his shirt and inspects his neck. No bump. Scully turns to leave but Mulder grabs her. She gasps in shock. She starts to turn her head but he gently pushes her back to facing forward. He pulls down the back of her shirt and inspects her. No bump as well. Outside, DaSilva puts the jar down on a small table with forceps.)

DASILVA: This is the last one. She's not going to let us give it to him.

HODGE: Well, she'll have to if he's infected.

DASILVA: He'll convince her somehow.

(The door slides open and Mulder and Scully walk out.)

SCULLY: I just examined him. He's... uninfected.

MULDER: So is she.

SCULLY: Which means that it must be one of you.

HODGE: All right. Go over to the main building. I'd like to check him myself. Then he can examine both of us. Wanna lead the way?

(Mulder walks forward slowly. Hodge and DaSilva start behind him then look at each other. Hodge grabs Mulder and slams him into a few boxes. DaSilva grabs Scully, throws her into the room and bolts the door. Mulder grunts and screams as Hodge bends his arm back in a hammerlock and puts on a chokehold with the other arm. DaSilva takes out the needle and preps it but it knocked down when Mulder pushes Hodge back into her. Mulder then runs Hodge back into the loading doors, but Hodge stays hooked on. He wrestles Mulder to the floor as Scully picks up a large drill bit on the floor and starts trying to break open the door. Mulder groans as banging can be heard.)

Get the worm!

MULDER: Bastards! No!

(DaSilva gets the worm with the forceps and dangles it above Mulder's ear. She holds his head down by the hair.)

Ah! Stop... no!

(Hodge looks at DaSilva and notices a bump moving around on the back of her neck.

HODGE: Oh my God!

(He pushes her down across the room. Mulder rolls to his feet as Hodge backs away from DaSilva. She slowly gets to her feet.)

Mulder! It's her!

(DaSilva makes a break for the door, slamming Mulder into the boxes again. Mulder gets up and he and Hodge run to the door where Scully is.)

MULDER: Scully!

(He opens the door.)

It's DaSilva!

(She drops the drill bit and they run after her. Hodge picks the worm up off the floor with the forceps. DaSilva runs into the lab, screaming hysterically. She opens a door and throws some jars out, then knocks over any lab equipment near her. Mulder runs in as DaSilva takes the gun in the evidence bag out of the drawer. She takes the gun out and Mulder tackles her as she fires at him. Scully runs in and they hold her down. Hodge walks in slowly.)

SCULLY: Hodge! Now!

(Mulder holds up her head so Hodge can put the worm in.)

Mulder! After this, there won't be any left!

MULDER: Do it!

DASILVA: Nooooo! No! No!

(Mulder lays her head back down and Hodge assumably puts the worm in. DaSilva's screams change to choking and coughing as she starts spasming on the floor. She moans repeatedly.)

SCULLY: It's all right. It's all over. It all stops right here. Right now.




SCENE 5
DOOLITTLE AIRFIELD; NOME, ALASKA
(DaSilva is in a containment suit and being wheeled into an ambulance by two men. They roll past Mulder, Scully and Hodge. Hodge closes the door and the ambulance drives off with her inside.)

HODGE: She's being put in quarantine along with the dog. We'll keep her there until we're sure she won't infect the rest of the population. Meanwhile, our tests came back normal so we've been released. Plane ready. Take you as far from the ice as you want to go.

MULDER: I'm going back to the site. This time, I'm going fully prepared with proper equipment. There's still a lot of research to be done on it's genetic structure, on it's origin...

HODGE: Wait, Mulder. Don't you know?

MULDER: Know what?

(Hodge looks at Mulder and Scully in a sort of disbelief.)

HODGE: 45 minutes after they evacuated us, they torched the place. There's nothing left.

SCULLY: Who did that?

HODGE: The military, centers for disease control... you oughta know. They're your people.

(He walks away.)

MULDER: It's still there, Scully. 200,000 years down in the ice.

SCULLY: Leave it there.

(She picks up her bag and starts off. Mulder looks into the distance. She looks back at him. He picks up his bag and they walk off.)

[THE END]


SCENE 1
JET PROPULSION LABORATORY
PASADENA, CALIFORNIA
1977
70'S TV REPORTER: I'm here in pasadena with the nasa mission control team as they celebrate scientific history. The first close up photographic transmissions of mars from the viking observer spacecraft. Photos that have created something of a stir by revealing surprising geologic information: the presence of large amounts of water locked in mars' polar icecaps. Water that some speculate could have possibly sustained life on the planet. Even more controversial is one image of a land formation: a formation that looks like a sculpted human face. However nasa officials are denying it as an indication of an alien civilization.

Cut to interview w/ LT COL MARCUS AURELIUS BELT - Viking Orbiter Project Director

70'S BELT: No, it's nothing more than a trick of light and shadows, a geologic anomaly. I'm afraid the only sculptors at work are the solar winds that blow across the surface of Mars at 300 miles an hour ten months a year.

(Present day - Belt's apartment. Close up of Mars face picture, Belt's keys land on it. Belt gets ready for bed. Belt asleep in bed in very fashionable burgundy PJs. Dream memory, Belt on EVA in space.)

YOUNG BELT IN SPACE: I'm seeing......I've got......

HOUSTON: How's it going out there?

YOUNG BELT: There's something out here!

HOUSTON: Can you repeat that Commander Belt?

YOUNG BELT: It's coming at me! Holy God!

(Present Day Belt waking in bed. Mars face appears in ceiling over him, then comes at Belt.....AAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!




SCENE 2
SHUTTLE SPACE CENTER
CAPE CANAVERAL, FL
PRESENT DAY
(Not so good NASA stock footage of shuttle launch throughout episode)

FLORIDA: Pick up terminal sequence, NPS. You have a go to proceed.

SHUTTLE: Booster hydraulic power units have started.

SHUTTLE LAUNCH CONTROL:	This is Shuttle Launch Control with T minus one minute 15 seconds and counting.

SHUTTLE: OTC to CDR. How do you read?

FLORIDA MC: Loud and clear OVCC, go ahead.

SHUTTLE: Roger that. OVCC verified. Port set up two zero.

FLORIDA MC: Copy set up two zero.

SHUTTLE: CDR Houston, how do you read?




SCENE 3
HOUSTON MISSION CONTROL
MICHELLE GENEROO: Loud and clear.

FLORIDA MC: Side hatch close out and white room configuration is complete. Retracting orbiter arm.

SHUTTLE: OMS pressure on. Cabin vent complete.

FLORIDA MC: Roger, we see that. All systems go for APU start. Transfer to internal power now.

SHUTTLE: Pre-start complete. APU to inhibit.

FLORIDA MC: Oxygen vent hood retracted. External tank is at flight pressure. Lock your visors and initiate your O2 flow. Ya'll have a good trip.

SHUTTLE:	Roger that.

SHUTTLE LC: T minus 20 seconds and counting.

FLORIDA MC: Go for auto sequence start. Booster power hydraulic units have started. Go for main engine start.

SHUTTLE LC: T minus ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three -

FLORIDA MC: Abort lift off. Abort lift off. System failure. Abort lift off. Repeat. We have an abort lift off at T minus three seconds.




SCENE 4
WASHINGTON DC
TWO WEEKS LATER
(Mulder and Scully BOTH(?!) eating sunflower seeds outside on steps of building)

SCULLY: What did the note say?

MULDER: Just that they worked for NASA. (Hands over note.) They wanted to talk to somebody from the FBI.

SCULLY: Why the cloak and dagger routine?

MULDER: I have no idea.

SCULLY: Think it's a crank?

MULDER: It's beginning to look that way.

(Michelle walks past them, then turns and comes back looking very incognito)

MICHELLE: My name is Michelle Generoo. (Shakes Mulder's hand)

MULDER:	Fox Mulder...

MICHELLE: I sent you the note. (shakes Scully's hand)

SCULLY: Hi. Special Agent Dana Scully.

MICHELL:	I'm sorry to have to take these precautions. I flew up from Houston this morning. I work at the Space Center there.

MULDER:	In what capacity?

MICHELL:	I'm the Mission Control Communications Commander for the Space Shuttle Program.

SCULLY: What brings you to Washington?

MICHELLE: I have reason to believe there may be a saboteur at work inside NASA.

MULDER:	Do you have evidence of sabotage?

MICHELLE: I don't know. I may. Two weeks ago, a shuttle mission was scrubbed three seconds before lift off when an auxiliary power unit valve malfunctioned. If the flight had not been aborted, there was a great chance the liquid fuel system and the Orbiter would have exploded on the launch pad. This was sent to me in the mail. (Opens briefcase and removes pictures) It's a material analysis that shows deep grooved scoring marks inside this APU valve. Marks that could have caused a malfunction.

MULDER: Evidence of tampering?

MICHELLE: That's what it looks like, but.. according to the person who gave me your names you have expertise in unexplained phenomena, and what's unexplainable is how and when anybody could have done it.

SCULLY: How do you mean?

MICHELLE: The valve is made of ferrocarbon Titanium. To score, that material would take extreme temperatures : launch pad temperatures. If anyone at NASA were to take a look at that analysis, they would say that it would be impossible for anyone to do that type of damage undetected.

SCULLY: Do you have any idea who may have sent that to you?

MICHELLE: No. No idea. But I can tell you that the official analysis of the malfunction was simple mechanical failure.

MULDER:	Does anybody share your suspicions?

MICHELLE: If they do, they're not talking to the FBI. I believe in the space program. I believe in the people who run it, but there's another launch window tomorrow and my reasons may sound selfish, but my fiancee is a shuttle commander on that mission.

(Mulder and Scully look at each other)




SCENE 5
HOUSTON SPACE CENTER
NEXT DAY
(Mulder and Scully riding through the halls on one of those airport golf cart things)

SCULLY: Why would somebody want to sabotage the Space Shuttle?

MULDER: Well, if you were a terrorist, there probably isn't a more potent symbol of American progress and prosperity. And if you're an opponent of big science, NASA itself represents a vast money trench that exists outside the crucible and debate of the democratic process. And of course there are those futurists who believe the Space Shuttle is a rusty old bucket that should be mothballed. A dinosaur spacecraft built in the 70's by scientists setting their sights on space in an ever declining scale.

SCULLY: And we thought we could rest easy with the fall of the Soviet Union.

MULDER: Not to mention certain fringe elements who accuse our government itself of space sabotage. The failure of the Hubble Telescope and the Mars Observer are directly connected to a conspiracy to deny us evidence.

SCULLY: Evidence of what?

MULDER: Alien civilizations.

SCULLY: Oh, of course.

(Digital clock on wall counting down - 10:45:27...26...25)
(Mulder and Scully walking down corridor with guide, Mulder looking at framed posters)

MULDER: Wow, look at that  Gemini 8.

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: Well, the man we're gonna see? Col Marcus Aurelius Belt nearly died on that mission. Had to make an emergency landing right in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.

SCULLY: You remember all that stuff?

MULDER: You never wanted to be an astronaut when you were a kid, Scully?

SCULLY: Guess I missed that phase. (ANOTHER CLOCK ON WALL 10:39:40...39...38...37)

(Knock on door with Belt's nameplate)

BELT: (Inside) Come in. (They open door)

SCULLY: Col. Belt, I'm Special Agent Dana Scully. (Shakes Belt's hand as he rises and puts on jacket) And this is...

MULDER: Col. Belt. Fox Mulder. (Extends hand) I'm a big fan. It's an honor to meet you. Y-you were a big hero to me when I was a kid.

BELT: Thank you.

MULDER: I-I stayed up all night when I was 14 to watch your space walk.

BELT: (uncomfortable) Well, now it's like a stroll around the block. So... how can I help you? (They all sit, Mulder shifting around, obviously excited in presence of his hero)

SCULLY:	This found its way to the FBI. (hands Belt picture that Michelle gave them) Do you recognize it?

BELT: Sure, it's an auxiliary power unit valve. (Hands picture back)

SCULLY: Do you have any reason to believe that the damage done to it was in an effort to sabotage the Space Shuttle Program?

BELT: No.

SCULLY: Do you have any reason to suspect sabotage at all?

BELT: No reason whatsoever. And if you have any respect for this program and for the people who have devoted their lives to it, you'll be careful to whom you make those accusations. (Mulder very uncomfortable)

SCULLY: Looking at this evidence, sir, would you consider postponing the shuttle flight until a full investigation could be conducted?

BELT: Look, I don't know where you got this specious artifact, but I can assure you every precaution has been taken to rectify the problem. We've been waiting two weeks for a window to initiate this mission. We've got a payload to deliver.

SCULLY: Col. Belt, has an internal investigation ever been done on this matter?

BELT: The part you have here, has been installed, inspected, and designed by over 100 highly trained technicians. With the security measures we take, it would be virtually impossible for one man working by himself, or two or four men, to do what you are suggesting. I can assure you there isn't a person in this facility that doesn't want to see that shuttle go into space, complete its mission, and come back like winged victory herself. And in about ten hours, God willing, you're gonna see just that.

MULDER: (grinning, as they rise) Do you think there would be a problem with us watching lift off from Mission Control?

BELT: Well, being that you'd probably go over my head anyway, please, be my guest.

MULDER: (Shaking hands again, still in awe) It was an honor, sir.

SCULLY: (Shaking hands) Thank you. (Follows Mulder out the door) Didn't you want to get his autograph?

(Mulder and Scully with some tech guy in some technical mechanical place)

TECHMECH GUY:	Where did you say you got this? (Looking at picture)

SCULLY: It came to us anonymously.

TECHMECH GUY:	Well this is an APU valve all right, but this doesn't make sense.

SCULLY: What doesn't make sense?

TECHMECH GUY:	This scoring here. This valve is made out of ferrocarbon titanium. Its -

MULDER: You didn't order the analysis?

TECHMECH GUY:	No, I've never seen this before. But we're on outside contract to NASA. They may have ordered it.

MULDER: But as a matter of course wouldn't you order a material analysis if a part malfunctioned?

TECHMECH GUY:	Every shuttle has flown with that same APU valve. We haven't had a problem. To do an analysis and redesign would delay the program for months, not to mention the cost.

SCULLY: Is it conceivable that in order to avoid these delays, the program is being pushed ahead without proper safety precaution?

TECHMECH GUY:	Look, there are about 17000 things that can go wrong with the shuttle, and about 17000 people who make sure they don't.

(Another digital clock - 8:43:40...39...38...37 See Belt standing above them on balcony listening)

SCULLY: And who makes the final determination as to its safety?

TECHMECH GUY:	Oh we make a recommendation, but ultimately, the decision is Col Belt's. (Belt leaves)

MULDER AND SCULLY: Thank you. (They start up stairs to balcony)

SCULLY: (Quietly) What do you think?

MULDER: I can't believe how much faith we put in machines.

SCULLY: You think Col Belt knows more than he's saying? That he lied about his knowledge of a saboteur?

MULDER: I can't believe that Col Belt would endanger the lives of those astronauts knowing that something might go wrong. He was an astronaut himself.

SCULLY: So you think this x-ray is bogus?

MULDER: God, I hope so.

(NASA footage of launch in progress.)




SCENE 6
SHUTTLE LAUNCH CONTROL
SHUTTLE LAUNCH CONTROL:	This is Shuttle Launch Control with T minus one minute 40 seconds and counting.

FLORIDA MISSION CONTROL:	OTC is go for orbiter access arm retract.

??????: OTC, OVCC verified.

SHUTTLE: Roger that, OVCC verified.

BELT: (With Michelle at Houston Mission Control) Here we go.

SHUTTLE LC: This is Shuttle Launch Control with T minus one minute 30 and counting.

FLORIDA MC: Final purge sequence, main engine check.

SHUTTLE: Copy purge sequence. Main engine check.

OTC: Switching off Orbiter's ground supply. On board fuel cells check.

SHUTTLE: Roger, OTC.

HOUSTON: Pick up terminal sequence, MPS.

SHUTTLE: Copy that. OTC to CDR, how do you read?

FLORIDA MC: Loud and clear.

SHUTTLE: CDR Houston, how do you read?

MICHELLE: Loud and clear.

FLORIDA MC: Side hatch close out and white room configuration complete. Retracting Orbiter arm. All systems go for APU start.

SHUTTLE: Go with APU start.

FLORIDA MC: PBSR power down and ready for launch. Transfer to internal power.

SHUTTLE: Transfer to internal power.

FLORIDA MC: Gimbaling of main engines complete. Aero surfaces in launch position.

HOUSTON: MPDR assembled. Military recorder is running.

SHUTTLE: Okay, copy.

FLORIDA MC: Oxygen vent hood retracted. External tank is at flight pressure. Ok CDR, lock your visors and initiate your O2 flow. Y'all have a good one.

SHUTTLE: Roger that.

FLORIDA MC: Go for auto sequence start. Booster hydraulic units have started. Go for main engine start. (Mulder and Scully and everybody else look really nervous)

SHUTTLE LC: T minus ten and counting. 9...8...7...6...5...4...3...2...1...zero. Ignition. We have lift off of the shuttle Orbiter. (Lots of cheers and clapping)

FLORIDA MC: CDR Houston, bet y'all have never seen a more beautiful sight.

MICHELLE: Roger that, 10-4.

FLORIDA MC: Roger. Back to you. Lower throttle back. Main engine at 65%.

(Michelle and Mulder give each other thumbs up.)

FLORIDA MC: Roger. Throttle at 110%.

SHUTTLE: Go for SRB separation.

FLORIDA MC: Roger OTC.




SCENE 7
(Mulder and Scully walking corridor of NICE hotel.)

MULDER: I have to admit, that fulfilled one of my boyhood fantasies.

SCULLY: Yeah, it ranks right up there with getting a pony and learning how to braid my own hair.

MULDER: Come on, Scully. You have to admit that was exciting. Mission control....(playfully punches her arm)....countdown.

MICHELLE: (Running up behind them) Mulder!! Wait! Something's gone wrong.

MULDER: What happened?

MICHELLE: Something's wrong with the shuttle. We had some trouble with the solid rocket boosters, but we were able to fix it. We changed watch, I went home to try to get some sleep. I got a phone call twenty minutes ago. Communication with the shuttle had gone down. Come on. We've got to get back to Houston.




SCENE 8
WET ROAD
(Michelle's car followed by Mulder and Scully's car on wet two lane road. Scully tries to get radio station - all static)

MULDER: They have a press blackout in effect. Chances are, the media doesn't know about it.

SCULLY: Do you think this is sabotage?

MULDER: I don't know. Things go wrong all the time.

SCULLY: Yeah, but they usually fix them, right?

MULDER: Usually.

SCULLY: She's turning.

(Michelle driving. Mars face comes out of the rain and fog and .....AAAAGGGGHHHH!!! Michelle gets run off the road and car flips over.
(Mulder and Scully pull up behind overturned car and get out.)

MULDER: Michelle! I can see her.

SCULLY: Michelle!

MICHELLE: Heeelllp!

MULDER: Kneeling at passenger side of overturned car) You all right?

MICHELLE: I'm stuck!

SCULLY: Can you move?

MICHELLE: Just get me out of here. I'm wedged in! (Mulder and Scully run around to driver's side of car - duuhh)

MULDER: You all right?

MICHELLE: I'm wedged in! (Mulder reaches in)

MULDER: C'mere. Can you push with your legs?

SCULLY: Be careful.

MICHELLE: Just get me out of here!

MULDER: Okay, all right. Come on. Okay. Come on Okay. (Pulls Michelle out)

SCULLY: It's okay. Now don't try to move.

MICHELLE: Oh, I got to get back to Houston.

MULDER: What happened?

MICHELLE: I don't know. Something came at me in the fog, and the next thing I knew I was upside down.

SCULLY: Was it some kind of an animal?

MICHELLE: No. It had a face. It was... it was grotesque. I don't know what it was. (Mulder helps her stand, arms around her)

SCULLY: You okay?

MICHELLE: Yeah.




SCENE 9
HOUSTON MISSION CONTROL ROOM
HOUSTON TECH: Orbiter, this is Houston. Do you copy?

SHUTTLE: Your transmission is breaking up, Houston. (Mulder, Scully and Michelle enter)

MICHELLE: What's happening?

HOUSTON TECH: We have a malf in the OMS and RCF systems. They can't get the Orbiter into attitude rotation. Temperature in the cabin is approaching 103 degrees and they have downlink transmission problems... what happened to you?

MICHELLE: I had an accident. What's their position?

HOUSTON: Just over Eastern Africa.

MICHELLE: Try patching them into the Saychelles Tracking Station. (On headset) Hang in there OTC.

MULDER:	(explaining to Scully for our benefit) The Orbiter maneuvering system has malfunctioned. Without it they can't rotate the shuttle. They need to rotate it away from the sun to keep the Orbiter cool.

HOUSTON TECH: We've got a drop in cabin pressure, 21 kilopascals and declining.

MICHELLE: They're going to burn up.

MULDER: Where's Col. Belt?

HOUSTON TECH: He's on his way.

MICHELLE: Damn it! What happened when they went to back up?

HOUSTON TECH: Back up system failed to respond.

MICHELLE: Well, what about telemetry? Can we auto-activate their systems from down here?

HOUSTON TECH: We cannot auto-activate! It's like someone's interfering with the telemetry, screwing with the uplink communications from this end.

MICHELLE: Can you trace it?

HOUSTON TECH: It'd have to be a digital processor.

MICHELLE: They'd have to be in the data banks.

MULDER: Where's that?

MICHELLE: Come on. (Mulder and Scully fling their trenchcoats on a console counter and follow Michelle up and out of the room)




SCENE 10
DATA BANK ROOM
Mulder and Scully, guns drawn, with Michelle between them. Figure runs behind Mulder. A second later, lights go out.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

(Emergency lights on. Mulder sees someone in corner)

MULDER: I'm a federal agent. Come on out of there. (Scully and Michelle join Mulder. Computer Tech Geek with Glasses comes out of the corner) What are you doing in here?

CTGG: I work here.

MICHELLE: (Checking him) Let me see your clearance.

CTGG: A sensor went off. There was a malfunction in one of the telemetry processors.

MICHELLE: Did you find it?

CTGG: No.

MULDER: Did you see anybody else in here? (CTGG shakes his head, lights come back on) Okay, call security. I want a search of the premises. I don't want anybody coming in or out of this building who doesn't have proper clearance.




SCENE 11
MISSION CONTROL ROOM
SHUTTLE: .....rotation maneuver.

HOUSTON: I'm breaking up, OTC.

BELT: What's the attitude of the Orbiter?

HOUSTON TECH: They're flying tail first sir, with their belly toward the sun.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: Their flash evaporator system is working, but it's not enough to cool them down.

HOUSTON TECH: Cabin temperature climbing to 116.

BELT: Where's - - - (Michelle, Mulder and Scully enter)

MICHELLE: Somebody's jamming our transmissions.

BELT: Who do you mean?

MICHELLE: Somebody or something is interfering with our ground communications and scrambling our uplink telemetry. The shuttle is not responding to override signals.

BELT: I'm going to let them fly by wire. I'm cutting off telemetry.

MICHELLE: It might not work. We might lose contact for good.

BELT: We have to give it a chance to work.

MICHELLE: We have to try to bring them down.

BELT: We have to give them control of the ship, take a chance they'll be able to perform that rotation maneuver and deliver their payload.

MICHELLE: What if they can't? We could be stranding them up there.

BELT: (Pause) Abandon telemetry. Go to fly by wire mode.

MULDER: (Explaining to Scully) They're cutting off ground control to the Orbiter. The astronauts will be flying the shuttle all by themselves.

SCULLY: Is it going to work? (Mulder looks doubtful)

MICHELLE: OTC, this is Houston. How's the weather up there?

SHUTTLE: Sunny and warm Houston. What's the forecast?

MICHELLE: OTC, we're going to fly by wire mode. We're going to abort ground control momentarily to see if you can bring those systems back up.

SHUTTLE: Roger that, Houston. And leave the driving to us.

MICHELLE: David... you take care. (Transmission broken)

SCULLY: What just happened? (Wake up, Scully)

MULDER: They cut off contact with the shuttle. (Everyone waits. Very tense)

MICHELLE: 45 seconds. If they were able to execute they'd have done it by now.

BELT: Standing by.

MICHELLE: 60 seconds.

BELT: Go to reestablish uplink communication.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: Video signal's failed on them.

MICHELLE: OTC, this is Houston. Do you copy? (Pause) OTC , this is Houston. Where are you?

SHUTTLE: Howdy-do, Houston. Looks like we finally got this bird to fly right. (Everyone claps and smiles, even Scully!)

MICHELLE: OTC, do you hear that?

SHUTTLE: Music to our ears.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: Cabin temperature stabilizing.

BELT: OTC, this is Mark Belt in Houston. How's the crew holding up?

SHUTTLE: They're looking good, sir.

BELT: Y'all get some rest. We'll get back to work at about 0700.

SHUTTLE: Roger that, Houston.

BELT: Let's get to work on that telemetry problem. We got a big day ahead of us.

(Belt washes his face.)




SCENE 12
NASA PRESS CONFERENCE
Belt at podium, Mulder, Scully and Michelle watch from side)

BELT: I know you have a lot of questions, and I'll get to them.

SCULLY: (to Michelle) How did he know what he did was going to work?

MICHELLE: He didn't. They could have died up there and there would have been nothing we could have done. They'd have been a ghost ship stuck in orbit.

SCULLY: Why would he take that risk?

MICHELLE: Bring those men back without delivering that payload? You're talking millions of wasted dollars. That's all Congress would need to shut down NASA.

BELT: As of 2200 hours, the crew has been conducting onboard tests and tasks and resting up for their first full day in space tomorrow. I'm happy to say after a beautiful night launch the Shuttle Orbiter has performed magnificently. (Michelle leaves in disgust)

SCULLY: So much for your boyhood hero.

(Mulder following Belt down hallway)

MULDER: Col. Belt? Col. Belt? Can I talk to you for a moment?

BELT: You want to know why I lied to them. You're asking yourself if this means I'd lie to you. (Mulder nods) You know what it means to be an astronaut, sir? You risk your life every time you get into your spacecraft for nothing more than the good progress of mankind.

MULDER: You've got no argument from me, sir. You're true American heroes.

BELT: Heroes? We used to make headlines when we did our job right. Now they bury them in the back of the paper. Name me two astronauts on the last shuttle mission. (Mulder can't) You make the front page today only if you screw up. They only know your name if you're the unlucky SOB sitting on 500 tons of dynamite. That's what they're really waiting for. (Starts to go)

MULDER: Sir, I have to ask. I'm sorry, it's my job. Do you think someone is sabotaging the shuttle?

BELT: My answer to you sir, will be to bring those men back safely to earth.




SCENE 13
BELT'S APARTMENT
Belt enters, gets vodka out of the freezer, drinks it out of the bottle, lies down on bed and has another EVA memory dream.)

YOUNG BELT: My God!

HOUSTON: How's it going out there?

YOUNG BELT: There's something out here!

HOUSTON: Can you repeat that, Commander Belt?

YOUNG BELT: It's coming at me! Holy God!

(See present day Belt awake on bed, his face morphing into Mars face. White ghostly thing pulls out of Belt and floats out the window and up into space. Belt sits frozen, hand outstretched.)




SCENE 14
SHUTTLE ORBITER
PASSING OVER CANADA
SHUTTLE: Uh, Houston, we just heard something weird up here.




SCENE 15
HOUSTON MISSION CONTROL
HOUSTON TECH: OTC, Houston. Can you describe it?

SHUTTLE: Sort of a dull thump, like something bumped the ship. Got any ideas about that? (banging sound) There it is again.

(Computer Tech Geek with Glasses runs for the stairs and up to data room where Mulder, Scully, Michelle and techs are dissecting machines)

CTGG: (quietly to Michelle) They've got an oxygen leak on board the Orbiter.

SHUTTLE: Our O2 gauges are going all screwy, Houston.

HOUSTON TECH: (To Michelle, Mulder and Scully entering Mission Control) We got problems. We've got an O2 leak in the main tank.

MICHELLE: What did they say happened?

HOUSTON TECH: They don't know. They just said it was a thump.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: (On head set) Stand by. We have an astronomer in Winnipeg who just spotted a gaseous cloud about a mile long trailing in our orbit.

MULDER: (To Scully) That's the liquid O2 leaking out into space. The exact same thing happened to Col. Belt on an Apollo mission.

MICHELLE: How much time do they have?

CURLY HAIRED TECH: Well, that's hard to know without accurate telemetry data. I'll do the calculations, but it will just be a guesstimate.

MICHELLE: I need some answers, and where is Col. Belt?

HOUSTON TECH: We can't find him and he was due here 90 minutes ago to begin payload deployment.

SHUTTLE:	Uh, Houston? We're up here kind of wondering when we have to start holding our breath.

MICHELLE: We're working on it OTC. I need those calculations and I need a worst case scenario.

HOUSTON TECH: We don't know if one or both of the O2 tanks are damaged.

MICHELLE: Worst case scenario! And then I want someone to find Col. Belt.

MULDER: We'll find Col. Belt.

HOUSTON TECH: They've got thirty minutes of back up oxygen. Beyond that, it's anybody's guess.




SCENE 16
HALLWAY
(Mulder and Scully walking down hall)

SCULLY: Why does she need Belt?

MULDER: She doesn't know how serious the leak is.

SCULLY: It's an oxygen leak. Even I can figure out what happens when you run out of oxygen.

MULDER: Col. Belt's been up there in the same situation before. He'll know better than anybody else what to do. He's got to make the decisions.

SCULLY: Where the hell is he?

(Mulder and Scully knocking at Belt's door.)

MULDER: Col. Belt? Col. Belt!

SCULLY: I'm going to go get security.

(Belt opens door)

MULDER: Col. Belt. Are you all right?

BELT: Yeah. I wasn't feeling well.

MULDER: They need you down at Mission Control, sir. There's been another accident.




SCENE 17
HOUSTON MISSION CONTROL
MICHELLE: OTC, is your orbital maneuvering system still operational?

(Belt, Mulder, and Scully enter)

SHUTTLE: Roger, Houston. We're ready for reentry. Just say the word.

BELT: How bad's the leak?

MICHELLE: We have no way to determine.

BELT: OTC, What's the condensation, cabin.

SHUTTLE: Windows are getting a little steamy.

MICHELLE: Carbon dioxide buildup.

BELT: Okay, OTC. Everything's going to be fine. I want you to get in your spacesuits and depressurize your cabin, and then I want you to vent that CO2.

SHUTTLE: Roger, Houston. And then what? (Michelle and Houston Tech look worried)

BELT: I want you to stay in your suits. And then I want you to prepare to use your emergency oxygen systems. And then I want you...to...deliver your payload.

MICHELLE: Those are men up there.

BELT: You're out of line. You want to tell me how to do my job? I've been up there in that situation, Miss Generoo. There's more at risk here than your personal life. And if you can't accept that or operate effectively in the circumstances then maybe you'd better leave the decisions to people in this room who can. (Michelle leaves. Scully follows) OTC, do you copy?

SHUTTLE: Roger, Houston. We're waiting on those O2 calculations. (Mulder leaves)




SCENE 18
HALLWAY
(Mulder and Scully follow a crying Michelle down the hall)

SCULLY: Michelle!

MICHELLE: They're going to die.

MULDER: You don't know that.

MICHELLE: It's absolutely unconscionable putting that payload before those men's lives.

SCULLY: I think she's right, Mulder. You saw him in there. He's losing it.

MULDER: He saved their lives earlier.

SCULLY: Did he? Or did he put their lives in unnecessary jeopardy? If he can't deliver that payload, Congress is going to kill the Space Program.

MULDER: And you think killing those astronauts isn't going to have the same effect?

SCULLY: Look, Mulder. I think somebody must have sabotaged the space shuttle because too many things have gone wrong. I think Col. Belt knows about it and he's known about it from the beginning.

MICHELLE: We have to stop him. We've got to pull them out of orbit. (Tries to go, Mulder grabs her and doesn't stop touching her for the rest of the scene. What is up with that?! She's engaged)

MULDER: He doesn't want those men to die.

MICHELLE: How do you know?

MULDER: I know it. I'm sure of it.

MICHELLE: He's the one who put them up there.

MULDER: And he may be the only person who can get them down alive. Now how can you be certain that what he's doing isn't the right thing? That what he's doing isn't going to save their lives? Now I need access to you records... in a hurry. (Michelle leads them off)




SCENE 19
COMPUTER ROOM
MULDER: (at computer with Computer Tech Geek with Glasses) I need everything on the Hubble Telescope, the Mars Observer, the Shuttle Challenger, and the current Orbiter mission.

CTGG: You're talking about tens of thousands of documents.

SCULLY: What exactly are we looking for?

MULDER: X-rays, diagrams, schematics - - any proof that Belt knew about a sabotage.

SCULLY:	A needle in a haystack.

(Mulder and Scully going through files. Mulder opens the Challenger file to picture of the O ring)




SCENE 20
MISSION CONTROL
SHUTTLE: Payload deployment initiated.

HOUSTON: Roger that, OTC. Tracking it now. (Footage of something coming out of shuttle)

SHUTTLE: Looks good from here. Payload delivery is complete, Houston. We're awaiting your order.

BELT: System check for reentry deorbit burn.

SHUTTLE: Holy God! There's something outside the ship! There's someone outside the ship!

BELT: Can you repeat that, OTC?

SHUTTLE: There's some kind of .... ghost outside the ship!

BELT: (losing it) No. Nono. NonoononooooooooooOOOOOOO!!!!




SCENE 21
FILE ROOM
SCULLY: Mulder, I found it. This is the same diagram that was sent to Michelle...ordered by Col. Belt. Which means he knew about the faulty valve.

MULDER: This is from the Challenger. It's the O ring fitting that failed dated January 21, 1986. That's one week before the space shuttle blew up. And the analysis was ordered by Col. Belt.

SCULLY: Are you saying he might have known about the Challenger defect?

MULDER: Something weird is going on here, Scully.

MICHELLE: (at door) Col. Belt's collapsed.

MULDER: Where is he?

MICHELLE: He's in his office. (they follow her out, Mulder's hand back where it belongs on Scully's lower back)




SCENE 22
BELT'S OFFICE
Mulder, Scully and Michelle enter )

MICHELLE: He was just here.

(They find Belt crying under his desk)

SCULLY: Oh my God.

MICHELLE: What's wrong with him?

MULDER: Get a doctor.

BELT: Help me. Help me.

MULDER: How can we help you, Col.?

SCULLY: He's having some kind of a seizure, Mulder.

MICHELLE: (leading EMTs in)Come on! Come on, come on!

BELT: It hurts! It's tearing me apart!

EMT1: See if I can get a bus. (They walk him to stretcher)

MICHELLE: I'm bringing that shuttle down.

BELT: Nooooo! It's out there.

EMT1: Easy, easy.

BELT: Spacesuits!

MULDER: Strap him down.

SCULLY: (Suddenly remembering 7 years of med school) Give him 10 milligrams of Diazepam.

MULDER: No.

SCULLY: He's going to hurt himself, Mulder.

MULDER: He's trying to tell us something. Col. Belt.

MICHELLE: Those men are up there and they're running out of oxygen.

BELT: They don't have to die.

MULDER: (Holding up his finger) Col. Belt, I want you to focus. Focus your breathing. Focus your pain. (Oh, this scene is bad) Right here.

EMT1: Blood pressure is 174 over 120.

SCULLY: Mulder, you're risking an anuerysm.

MULDER: Focus. (Belt calms) Now you're focused. Right here. Now you're going to save those astronauts and you're going to tell me how to do it.

BELT: The shuttle can't survive reentry.

MICHELLE: No, he's lying.

MULDER: How do you know it can't survive?

BELT: The fuselage...the fuselage is damaged. The silicone tiles are destroyed.

MICHELLE: How does he know?

MULDER: How has it been damaged?

BELT: I'm responsible.

MULDER: Did you sabotage the shuttle?

BELT: No, but I couldn't stop them. Nobody can stop them.

MULDER: Stop who?

EMT1: Pulse is 194.

SCULLY: You're going to kill him, Mulder.

MULDER: Stop who?

BELT: They don't want us to know. They don't want us to know.

MULDER: Who?

BELT: It came to me. It lives in me. (EVA flashback)

YOUNG BELT: It's coming at me. It's coming at me! Get me out of here! (Ghost thing invades Young Belt's body) It's attacking me! Get me out! (Back to present)

BELT: Get it out. Help me. It's coming back. (Belt's face morphs into Mars face)

MICHELLE: That's the face I saw in the fog.

EMT1: We're losing him. Defib.

EMT2: (Handing padddles) Here you go.

EMT1: Clear.

EMT2: Hit it.

HOUSTON TECH: (in door) We've just run out of oxygen. They've got exactly thirty minutes left in the emergency backup system.

MICHELLE: They're going to suffocate up there. I've got no choice but to bring them down. It's the only chance I've got. (Michelle and Houston Tech leave)

EMT1: Again.

EMT2: Okay, we got O2 standing by. (Giving O2)

EMT1: Hold on. We've got vitals. We've got a pulse.

SCULLY: We've got to get him to a hospital.




SCENE 23
MISSION CONTROL
MICHELLE: OTC, this is Houston Mission Control. Do you copy?

SHUTTLE:	Roger, Houston. We've got some spooky stuff up here.

MICHELLE: OTC, we're going to bring you down. We want you to instigate deorbit burn, and begin deceleration.

SHUTTLE: Roger, Houston. Kind of hoping you were going to say that. Activating OMS rockets. All systems go for reentry.




SCENE 24
HALLWAY
(Belt on gurney down hallway)

MULDER:	They're bringing the shuttle down. You said the shuttle would burn up on reentry. Is there anything we can do to save it?

BELT: Change the trajectory.

MULDER: Change the trajectory to what?

BELT: Change the reentry trajectory to 35 degrees. (Mulder and Scully run off)




SCENE 25
Mission Control
MISSION CONTROL:	T minus 35 seconds to ionosphere reentry.

MULDER: (running in) You've to change the reentry trajectory.

MICHELLE: What?

MULDER: You've got to change it to 35 degrees.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: T minus 30 seconds to ionosphere reentry.

MULDER: Col. Belt- - -

MICHELLE: I can't.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: T minus 25 seconds.

MULDER: It's your only shot.

MICHELLE: We...we...we'd have to change the landing site, we'd have to inform them before the blackout.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: 15 seconds to blackout.

MICHELLE: I want to know what the weather conditions are in Albuquerque. Are we go for an emergency landing?

HOUSTON TECH: Weather in Albuquerque? Landing conditions go in Albuquerque.

CURLY HAIRED TECH: T minus five seconds to blackout.

MICHELLE: OTC, this is Houston. I want you to change your reentry trajectory to 35 degrees. You'll be landing at Kirtland Field in Albuquerque. Do you copy?

HOUSTON TECH: Ionosphere reentry. Temporary blackout in effect.

MICHELLE: Did they get that transmission?

CURLY HAIRED TECH: Two minutes to reestablish.

MICHELLE: Damn it. (Red clock reads 16:26:01...2...3) How much oxygen do we have?

HOUSTON TECH: 16 minutes.

MICHELLE: OTC, this is Houston. Come in, OTC. (16:26:15...16...17) OTC, this is Houston. Come in OTC. Anything? (Curly shakes head) What's the point of their new reentry?

HOUSTON TECH: 500 miles west of Hawaii.

MICHELLE: See if Hawaii can get me - -

CURLY HAIRED TECH: Hawaii's picked the shuttle up on radar.

SCULLY: They made it.

HOUSTON TECH: Not necessarily.




SCENE 26
KIRTLAND AIR BASE
ALBEQUERQUE, NM
CURLY HOUSTON: Albuquerque, do you have radar confirmation?

ALBUQUERQUE: Negative, Houston. Nothing on the screen.




SCENE 27
MISSION CONTROL
(Clock - 16:26:43...44...45...46)

MICHELLE: OTC, this is Houston. Come in, OTC. (16:26:53...54...55) OTC, this is Houston. Come in, OTC.

SHUTTLE:	Houston, this is OTC. You know a good place to eat in Albuquerque?

(Big grin and laugh from...Scully? Everybody happy. Mulder and Michelle big hug.)

HOUSTON TECH: OTC, welcome home. Welcome home, OTC. You're looking real good.

SOME GUY: Yes!




SCENE 28
PRESS CONFERENCE
Michelle at press conference on TV)

MICHELLE: The Space Shuttle touched down today at 10:56 Central Standard Time. The Orbiter delivered it's payload after just thirteen orbits and returned to Earth...without incident. (Belt is watching the TV. He is hooked to machines in hospital) We at NASA are looking forward to our next shuttle mission and to future successful explorations of space, for mankind, and the future of mankind.

(Belt's machines beep wildly, his face does the Mars morph, he rips off, the tubes, fights with the ghost, yells noa few times, and flings himself through the glass window. Alternating images of him on EVA in space and of the street intersection below coming rapidly closer. AAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!)




SCENE 29
X-FILES OFFICE
WASHINGTON, DC
(Mulder reads obituary Former Astronaut Space Program Plunges to Death. Scully enters)

SCULLY: I just heard.

MULDER: Something had possessed him. Something he must have seen out there in space.

SCULLY: The doctors who examined him said he was experiencing severe dementia.

MULDER: I don't think he ever really knew exactly how it was working through him or that he ever knew...that he was...responsible for his own actions.

SCULLY: He ordered those x-rays of the damaged parts.

MULDER: You saw what I saw, Scully. I think he was trying to warn her. I think that he sent Michelle those x-rays like he was trying to reach out to her without quite knowing why, as if...his own instinctual impulse was to save those men.

SCULLY: While simultaneously trying to kill them?

MULDER: Hey, Scully, we send those men up into space to unlock the doors of the universe, and we don't even know what's behind them. I think what ever it was, he took it with him. And in the end that was the only way he knew how to stop it.

SCULLY: There's an investigation, you know. They haven't ruled out foul play.

MULDER: He gave his own life. As an astronaut, that was something he was prepared to do.




SCENE 30
MILITARY FUNERAL
Mulder and Scully have really good seats)

MINISTER: ...for Col. Marcus Aurelius Belt devoted his life to the exploration and understanding of Space, learning its mysteries and experiencing it not just for himself, but for humanity. Lord, take this man's soul and let it rise up to your heavens, higher than he could ever go as a man. Let him know the true nature of the universe that he sought to learn.

(Michelle and her fiancee watch planes fly over. Michelle and Mulder have a shared look and nod. Close up of flag on coffin.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
TOWNSEND, WI
12:57 AM
DAY 1
Explosion in woods. Police vehicle pulls up.

DEPUTY WRIGHT: We have a fire off county road D7. Two miles west of the canyon ridge intersection.
Suggest we dispatch fire crews. (static) This is Deputy Wright. Do you copy?
(static) Son of a....(exits vehicle) Walks around car towards explosion



SCENE 2
US SPACE SURVEILLANCE CENTER
CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN, CO
MALE OFFICER #1: Sir? Sorry to disturb you sir. But we just picked up an unidentified bogey. I think you should see the replay for yourself.
(both officer and chief walk toward info area)

MALE OFFICER #1: It tripped the fence at 23-17 off the coast of Conneticut, sir.

CAPTAIN KORETZ: Initial trajectory was north by northwest. Then it started going crazy.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: What about other craft in the area...missle testing?

CAPTAIN KORETZ: Sir. No known aircraft can maneuver like this.

MALE OFFICER #1: Well, whatever it was dropped of the screen at 24-18 sir. Hit ground just west of Lake Michigan outside Townsend Wisconsin.

CAPTAIN KORETZ: The tracking and impact team predicted impact calculated at over 800 miles an hour.

MALE OFFICER #1: I've instructed Cheif Koretz to to start her report right away...

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Negative. What she tracked was a meteor. Its abberant movement was obviously due to instrument malfunction.

CAPTAIN KORETZ: But sir...

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Your report will reflect these facts. Is that clear?

MALE OFFICER #1: Yes sir.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Good.
(Colonel exits, walks to deserted corner. Dials cell phone)

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Code indigo delta echo niner. I have a confirmed fallen angel in sector 87.
Mobilize Operation Falcon Immediately.


SCENE 3
(In forest, deputy walking through woods, sees another explosion. Camera shown rushing up to and past Deputy )
DEPUTY WRIGHT: Hello?
(Deputy scans woods with flashlight. Lights of police vehicle can be seen over his shoulder in distance. Camera rushes straight up to the Deputy. Bright flashes of white light, strobe light effect as Deputy screams)


SCENE 4
BUDGET-REST MOTEL
TOWNSHEND, WI
12:57 AM

(Voice from Television Report)
...still have no comment until the government investigation now under way is completed. Government officials remain vague about the toxic cargo that has caused the immediate evacuation of Townshend Wisconsin's 12,000 residents. Speculation here has centered on a shipment of toxic waste...(fades out)

(shot of Mulder in foreground checking his gun)
[Flashback]

MULDER: Then what happened out there if it wasn't a train wreck?

DEEP THROAT: Mulder the continental United States is surrounded by an electronic fence that reaches 15,000 miles into space. We use it to track and monitor the 7,087 man-made objects that orbit the earth. Last night at 23-17 that fence was breached.
[Mulder shown back in hotel testing flashlight on hand]

DEEP THROAT: (contines)This morning at 0100 Operation Falcon went into effect Led by Colonel Calvin Henderson--The Air Force's premiere reclamations expert.

MULDER: Reclamations?

DEEP THROAT: During the cold war his job was to prevent technologies from downed US aircrafts from  getting into Soviet hands.

MULDER: He's part of a craft retrieval unit.

DEEP THROAT: Mm Hmm(looking down). Quick response. I'd say you have...24 Hours before the entire area is sanitized. After that it will be like nothing has happened.



SCENE 5
Mulder seen running through woods: wearing backpack. Approaches "laser" fence Walks around what is obviously military campsight. Helicopter flies overhead, large trucks check in at main gate. Military men all around.


SCENE 6
OPERATION FALCON
FIELD HEADQUARTERS
(CCH and L1 walk out of tent)

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: You're late, Liutenant.. Its going to be dark in a half hour.

LIEUTENANT: We had a flat outside the peremiter, sir.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: There's a general briefing at 2200 hours. But first got to headquarters for the live rounds.

LIEUTENANT: Live rounds, sir?

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: You have a problem with that?

LIEUTENANT: No sir. We were told this was just a drill.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: They told you wrong.

LIEUTENANT: (To soldiers in truck) OK! Everyone out!

(soldiers exit truck)
Mulder drops from bottom of truck, walks into forest.

Forest at night. Armed soldiers walk through on patrol. Mulder walks by. Mulder sees light in distance, walks toward it. Approaching lit area, crouches down. Men yelling. Whooshing noises. Mulder sees crash site lit with heavy lights. Men walk around crash site in protective gear spray area. Mulder takes photos of this scene. Man approaches Mulder from behind. Mulder turns around, is hit in face with gun.



SCENE 7
(Inside tent at Operation Fallen Angel headquarters. Close up shot of camera film being exposed to light)
COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: You just made the worst mistake of your life, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: I think you knocked out a filling.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: I'll see to it you that pay the price for putting my men at risk.

MULDER: Since when does taking pictures put anyone's life at risk?

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: You violated a US government quarantine and thats a federal crime.

MULDER: That's a quarantine? Is that what you call this?

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: We're trying to contain an ecological disaster.

MULDER: Thats a lot of firepower just to protect mother nature.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: I have my orders. And a license to execute them as a I see fit. I suggest you forget what you saw, what you think you saw for your own well being.

MULDER: You've got a downed craft in those woods, sir. And troops carrying live rounds ! We both know what's out there!



SCENE 8
(Mulder escorted into temporary chain-link-fence brig)
MAX FENIG: Are you MUFON or CUFOS? (Approaches out of shadows, wears baseball cap backwards, glasses, long blonde hair) Do you mind if I sit down? Let me guess you're with that new group--CSICOP, right? (Mulder looks away) Um, say no more. You're a cautious man. Trust no one. Very wise. After what happened to JFK I understand completely. (Mulder looks back) Oh, let me introduce myself. My name is Max Fenig. I'm with the National Investigative Committee of Arial Phenomenon...NICAP (Turns around hat to display the initials). Pleased...pleased to make you're acquanitance. Wish we could shake on it, you know. Firm grip, look you right in the eye. You learn a lot about a guy that way. (Mulder looks away) Hey, uh... Can I ask you a question?

MULDER: Go ahead.

MAX FENIG: Did you see anything? Did you get close? Me, I saw nothing. (talks loudly to anyone who may be listening) I didn't see anything! (To Mulder) Nada, zip. Hundred yards past the road block they nailed me. I have no idea how they did it. I'm telling you its like the Roswell cover up all over again.

MULDER: What makes you so sure that something's out there?

MAX FENIG: (laughs) Same thing that makes you so sure?



SCENE 9
(Dawn at camp. Empty bunk in cell. Pans to next cell, Mulder asleep as door opens.
Scully enters.)
MULDER: I didn't order room service.

SCULLY: This isn't funny, Mulder.

MULDER: Did you meet Max?

SCULLY: Who?

MULDER: Max from NICAP. (Looks to empty bunk) Oh, they must have released him.
Another intrepid soul in seach of a close enounter.

SCULLY: Is that what this is about?

MULDER: What else?

SCULLY: Try explaining that to Section Cheif McGrath. He stepped over Blevins ordering a full inquiry. With a recommendation...Mulder he wants to shut down the X-files. And he wants you out of the bureau.

MULDER: So what else is new?

SCULLY: I don't understand you Mulder. Why you're always defying protocol? Ignoring jurisdiction...

MULDER: Because I know what I saw Scully. There weren't train tracks anywhere near that site. So how could it have been a derailed container?

SCULLY: Because it wasn't. What you saw was not a toxic spill. But it wasn't a UFO either.

MULDER: OK. I'm all ears. What was it?

SCULLY: It was a downed Libyan jet with a nuclear warhead. (Mulder laughs) Over US air space... They'd been picking up low grade levels of radiation indicating that a plutonium casing may have cracked. So to avoid mass panic...

MULDER: You really believe that story..?

SCULLY: That story happens to be highly classified.

MULDER: A highly classified lie. (Helicopter passes overhead) They're searching for someone Scully.

SCULLY: If they're searching for anyone, its probably the pilot.

MULDER: You think they'd roll out all of this material for one Libyan fighter jock? (pause)
Besides, no human pilot walked away from the wreckage I saw.

SCULLY: Well, maybe he ejected.

MULDER: Maybe.



SCENE 10
(a Predator-like figure [i.e. see-through, yet produces a visible aura-kinda thing] approaches the laser fence. Pausing outside it as A military truck drives down nearby road, it then runs through the laser fence, and across the road behind the truck.)


SCENE 11
MULDER and SCULLY walk from car to motel door.

SCULLY: You can't be serious!

MULDER: As long as we're here in beuartiful downtown Townsend, why not?

SCULLY: Mulder, the hearing is tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.

MULDER: That gives us 24 hours to investigate.

SCULLY: My assignment is to bring you back, not to help you dig yourself in deeper.

MULDER: "The Last Detail" starring Dana Scully

(Both enter hotel room. Room is a mess. Phone is off the hook)

SCULLY: What's going on?

MULDER: Looks like housekeeping hasn't been here yet.

SCULLY: Who would...

MULDER: SH...

(noise from bathroom. Both draw guns and approach bathroom. Entering bathroom both see the rear legs of a man sticking as he tries to fit through the bathroom window)

MULDER: Max?

SCULLY: Get your hands up!

MAX FENIG: Whoa. Don't shoot. Don't shoot.

MULDER: Max?

MAX FENIG: (Takes off hat) Ahem..

(Mulder brings Max into bedroom, sits him on the bed)

MAX FENIG: My apologies. Forgive me please. I'm a curious man. I had to know..

MULDER: Know what?

MAX FENIG: If it was really you.

MULDER: But you don't know me. Last night is the first time you've laid eyes on me.

MAX FENIG: Not true. We at NICAP have been following your career really closely. Ever since you became involved with the X-files.

MULDER: Following my career? How?

MAX FENIG: Through the Freedom of Information Act.Your travel expenses are a matter of public record. (Pauses and looks at Scully) So, this must be the enigmatic Agent Scully. (Max moves toward her extending his hand, Mulder pushes him back onto the bed)

MULDER: How did you recognize me?

MAX FENIG: I saw your picture in a trade magazine once. And of course I read your article in Omni about the Gulf Breeze sightings.

MULDER: I published that under a pseudonym.

MAX FENIG: M.F. Luder. I know. M.F. Luder is an anagram for F. Mulder. You really didn't think that would fool us did you?

MULDER: I didn't think anyone was really paying attention

MAX FENIG: Somebody's always paying attention Mr. Mulder.

SCULLY: A-mazing.

MAX FENIG: Amazing? Hardly. You want to see something amazing? Come with me.
(Mulder heads out of motel room)

MULDER: (looking at Scully) *Enigmatic* Dr. Scully.



SCENE 12
(Max leads them to trailer in motel parking lot)
MAX FENIG: This is my, uh...Right this way.

(Inside trailer. Max begins to search around trailer. Scully begins to look around)

MAX FENIG: Okay. Where's those, uh...They were right here. Oh, here they are. The latest crop circle photos from Project Argus. Huh? Your opinion fact or fraud.

MULDER: Fraud.

MAX FENIG: How do you explain the anamolous blisters on the plants?

MULDER: Some unreported weathering effects common to wheat or a systematic reaction to the plant tissue to being lodged in one position.

(Dana notices medication on a shelf. Picks up one prescription and reads it: MELLARIL)

MAX FENIG: (To Mulder) I see you've read the literature.

MULDER: I try to keep up.

MAX FENIG: What about the...

MULDER: Max! You said you had something to show us.

MAX FENIG: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. (All three approach electronic equipment) Wolf Ear 2000. Did you ever hear of this?

SCULLY: Yeah. Wolf Industries supplied the CIA with all of its surveillance equipment.

MAX FENIG: State of the art, search and intercept. Up to 100 channels per second. Currently I'm jacked into local fire and police departments, cellular pathways, and when the weather's right sometimes even air traffic control from Whitmarsh Air Force Base.

MULDER: What have you got Max?

MAX FENIG: Mobil Unit Broadcast. In Scan Mode. Townshend Shariff's deparment. Two nights ago.

(--recording--)
We got a fire of county road D7. Two miles west of the canyon ridge intersection. Suggest we dispatch fire crews, over? This is Deputy Wright. Do you copy?

MAX FENIG: And this. 35 minutes later. Presumably from the fire crew. Reception got wiggy for some reason.

(--recording--)
This is unit 53. Man down. Request medivac. I said request medivac! You're breaking up!
Very. Bad. VERY bad. Wait a second. What the hell? Charlie, we've got a situation here!



SCENE 13
(Operation Falcon headquarters)
COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: (on phone) We put up a tight net. (pause) Yes sir. Every inch of ground is being covered, dug up, squeezed and sifted. (pause) No, sir. It will not get away. Not this time.



SCENE 14
MILLS ROAD HIGH SCHOOL
EMERGENCY EVACUATION CENTER
6:27 PM
DAY 2
(People scattered on cots in make-shift evacuation center)

MULDER: Mrs. Wright? Hi. I'm Fox Mulder. This is Dana Scully. We're from the FBI. We'd like to ask
you a few questions about your husband.

MRS WRIGHT: He's dead. What else is there to know? (walks away toward empty cot with young boy)

SCULLY: I'm sorry about your husband.

MRS WRIGHT: Oh, please.

SCULLY: Mrs. Wright, we want to help you.

MRS WRIGHT: Then leave me alone.

MULDER: Why won't you let us help you?

MRS WRIGHT: I don't know anything! (Looks from one agent to another.Sits down) Don't you understand? They won't even release the body so I can give him a proper burial. OK?

SCULLY: The government can't do that. I'm sure if you appealed to...

MRS WRIGHT: No!

SCULLY: You're entitled to the truth.

MRS WRIGHT: I can't afford the truth. They said that if I spoke to anyone, they would withhold my husband's pension. And I have a child to take care of.
(Lights go out in the evacuation center)



SCENE 15
US MICROWAVE SUBSTATION B21
COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON has earphones on. (high pitch screech) CCH pulls of earphones.

MILITARY POLICEMAN: Picking up extremely high frequency signal--200,000 Mhz (static screeching) Sir, target. onthe northeast side, Footspeed-- seven miles per hour sir

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: (Speaking into headset) Beta team

BETA TEAM LEADER: Copy

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Target entering your section from the southwest. Search and destroy. Repeat, Search and Destroy

BETA TEAM LEADER: Yes sir!

(Two teams of two men apeice in tactical gear. Guns drawn, surveying area. Looking around, and up to ceiling. The two teams split up in opposite directions, but keeping visual contact)

BETA TEAM LEADER: : Jackson?

JACKSON: Nothing.

(Looks to other team. Team leader shakes head--no. Camera as entity. Approaches B1 and Jackson. Draws back, heads toward other team)

BETA TEAM LEADER: Must have been an animal.

(Other team. Entity approaches. Bright white light. Both teams are knocked to ground.)



SCENE 16
COUNTY HOSPITAL
TOWNSEND, WI
11:42 PM
DR. OPPENHEIM: I'm sorry, but unless you have a subpoena I can't discuss patient information.

SCULLY: Does that mean Jason Wright was your patient?

DR. OPPENHEIM: It means I have nothing more to say about this.

MULDER: What about his wife and child, Doctor? Would you have anything to say to them? Because whoever got to you also got to her. They must have some pretty big threats. What did they hold over your head? Your medical licence, the IRS?

DR. OPPENHEIM: I hate fascists.

MULDER: Excuse me?

DR. OPPENHEIM: The men who came in here. The way they pushed us all around.

MULDER: Dr. Oppenheim. Tell us about the deputy. You saw him that night, didn't you?

DR. OPPENHEIM: Yes. And three others from the fire crew. They were all DOA with 5th and 6th degree burns over 90 percent of their bodies. Although they weren't like any burns I've ever seen. And they took the bodies away before we could perform any pathologies.

SCULLY: Did you note any cadaver acute heat rigor or heat stiffening?

DR. OPPENHEIM: Yes, actually there was quite a bit of heat inflection in the limbs. How do you know so much about it?

MULDER: Doctor, in your opinion, could those burns have been caused by ionizing radiation?

DR. OPPENHEIM: Well, I hadn't thought...I suppose its possible. If the exposure was significantly intense.



SCENE 17
(walking down hallway)
[Hospital PA: Code Five. All available teams and nonessential...fades out]
SCULLY: Lets say those men died from radiation exposure. Couldn't it have been from the cracked core of a nuclear warhead?

MULDER: I've read about these kinds of burns, Scully.

SCULLY: Yeah, so have I. In Hiroshima at Ground Zero.

MULDER: I'm talking about close encounter mortalities. I have a stack of X-files recording the same clinical results.

SCULLY: Mulder I don't claim to know all the answers, but if we don't make the OPR inquest by tomorrow morning, there may not be any more X-files.

(Sudden commotion as men in military uniform are brought in on stretchers. Men have severe burns. Moaning. CCH follows them in. Looking directly at Mulder as he passes)



SCENE 18
(SCULLY and MULDER back in emergency room with DR. OPPENHEIM and COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON. Men in military men lay on gurneys in various positions of the ER. Medical personnel scurry around frantically. DR. OPPENHEIM is checking on a burn patient wearing a military uniform)
DR. OPPENHEIM: Start an IV here stat.

MULDER: (to HENDERSON) Tell us what happened out there?

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Whatever happened, Mulder, it has nothing to do with you.

MULDER: Wrong colonel. We both want the same thing. Only you want it dead. Can't you see that chasing it down like an animal you leave it no choice but to defend itself? How many more people have to die before you rethink your approach?

(Off camera: Are we going to get anybody from ICU in here. We need help)

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Listen to me. Cause I'm not wasting another breath on this. If you and your partner aren't out of here in 30 seconds ...

DR. OPPENHEIM: Agent Scully stays right here. We're undermanned. She's a medical doctor. She stays.
(To SCULLY) If that's OK with you.

SCULLY: Of course, I...

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Doctor, if you don't mind, you just take care of my men, and let me do my work, OK?

DR. OPPENHEIM: Outside this emergency room, you can do whatever you want, But in here I call the shots. Assuming of course, you want me to take care of your men.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: (Pauses a moment) Get this man out of my sight! (Nods to Mulder)

SCULLY: I'll scrub up.
(Mulder is led out)



SCENE 19
(Mulder gets out of a car in a parking lot, and heads to Max's trailer.)
MULDER: Max? (knocking) Hey, Max. Max?

(Max lying on ground in convulsions. Mulder tries to hold him still. The convulsions subside.)

MULDER: Hey... Max

MAX FENIG: Who...who are you?

MULDER: Max.. Its me. Fox Mulder.. Are you OK?

MAX FENIG: What are you doing here?

MULDER: You were haveing some kind of seizure.

MAX FENIG: Seizure? That's impossible.

MULDER: You were lying on the floor. Unconscious. Convulsing.

MAX FENIG: Thats odd. I haven't had an episode in seven years. Not since I went on medication.

MULDER: Lets get you to the hospital.

MAX FENIG: No! I mean, I mean its not necessary.

MULDER: Are you sure?

MAX FENIG: Yeah. I've lived with epilepsy all my life. I'm not in any danger.
(Mulder gets glass of water, gives it to Max)

MAX FENIG: Yeah. It started in South Dakota when I was ten. The doctor said I must have incurred a
head injury. I don't remember hitting my head.

MULDER: And when you have a seizure, you have no memory of it?

MAX FENIG: As a kid I used to wake up in strange places with no idea where I was, or how I got there.
(sighs) Sorry I... (hands Mulder water) I've got to get some sleep.

(Mulder helps him to bed. As Max lies down, Mulder notices mark behind his ear.)



SCENE 20
(MULDER in hotel room, studying X-files. Camera scans typed page:)
_______________________
..............The mouth shows
..re is malalignment of the l
the left posterior triangle
a 3 cm scar below the acro
sthesis for intravenous inj
nt subclavian vein and supe
complicated. Venipunctures
cubital fossa.
_______________________

(SCULLY enters - sighing)

MULDER: Rough night, huh?

SCULLY: It was terrible. We lost all but two. And they're still in critical condition on their way to the burn unit at John's Hopkins.

MULDER: So what do you think, Scully? What's going on out there?

SCULLY: I don't know. And under other circumstances, I would like to find out, but we have a plane to catch in just over an hour...(heads toward door)

MULDER: I want you to take a look at something first.

SCULLY: What? (turning around)

MULDER: Max. There's an unsual incision bechind his left ear. I've seen this incision twice before. Two women. A thousand miles apart. No way of knowing each other. No relation. Both claim to have been abducted by aliens.

SCULLY: Are you saying Max Fenig is an abductee? Mulder, the man is taking powerful anti-psychotic drugs. I saw them in his RV.

MULDER: They're for his epilepsy.

SCULLY: Not all of them. DILANTIN is an anti-convulsant, but MELLARIL is used exclusively to treat schitzophrenia. More than likely, Max is delusional.

MULDER: You don't seem to understand Scully. Max doesn't believe he was abducted by aliens, I believe he was. Now could you at least take a look at the scar, and give me you medical opinion?

SCULLY: Okay. You pack. I'll take a look at Max...on the way to the airport.



SCENE 21
US SPACE SURVEILLANCE CENTER
CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN, CO
CAPTAIN KORETZ: Sir I have flash traffic at 24-18. Repeated calls for ID go unanswered. And its not in the orbital or suborbital inventory.

MILITARY OFFICER #2: 24-18. Isn't that where...

CAPTAIN KORETZ: Same exact spot sir. Although I am reading a much larger craft his time.

MILITARY OFFICER #2: Meteor, Ms. Koretz.

CAPTAIN KORETZ: A much larger Meteor, sir. Hold on a second.(Putting hand to earpeice) We have a confirm. Whitmarsh Air Force BAse is tracking...

MILITARY OFFICER #2: Where is it?

CAPTAIN KORETZ: Well, sir. The meteor, seems to be hovering over a small town in Eastern Wisconsin.



SCENE 22
(Overhead shot of Max's trailer. Camera enters through vent. Sees Max in bed, asleep on his left side. Approaches his right ear, blood trickles out. Max lifts head. Blood is also on the pillow. Max opens his eyes.)


SCENE 23
(Scully and Mulder approach the trailer.)
SCULLY: Come on, Mulder. Lets get this over with.

MULDER: (Knocking on trailer) Hey, Max. (opens trailer) Max!

(Inside the trailer, a frequency scanner chatters.)

MULDER: Max?

SCULLY: Mulder - look at this. (pointing to blood on the pillow)

MULDER: What is that, blood?

Mulder and Scully stand in front of the scanner, looking and listening.

SCANNER: Repeat.......patrol reporting unidentified tresspass at the waterfront. This is Henderson.
Move on target. (Mulder looks at Scully, and leaves the trailer)



SCENE 24
SCULLY: Mulder!

MULDER: Come on.(Heading towards the car)

SCULLY: Where do you think you are going? Look, if we go to the airport right now, we might make
the plane. Which would at least give you half a chance of defending yourself.

MULDER: Think about is Scully. Max is a gypsy. A nomad, right?

SCULLY: Yeah, so what?

MULDER: So he intercepted Deputy Wright's last call to his dispatcher. Which means he was here in Townsend Wisconsin the night of the crash. Of all the places he could of been, he was right here. Don't you think thats more than a coincidence. If Max was abducted that would go a long way to explaining his obsession. And if we've figured it out, you can be sure Col. Henderson has as well. Do you have the keys? (SCULLY hands over keys.)



SCENE 25
LAKE MICHIGAN WATERFRONT, MI
DOCK 7
(Max walks along the dock, his right hand holding his ear, panting. Two men in a military jeep pull up.)

MAX FENIG: Don't do this.

ARMY MAN 1: Sir, we've apprehended the target. Its just a civilian.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Negative, Falcon patrol. Take him with extreme caution.

(MULDER and SCULLY pull up. Two military men are lying on the ground, with smoke pouring off their charred bodies.)

SCULLY: They're dead.

(Screams are heard in the distance)



SCENE 26
(MULDER and SCULLY enter warehouse.)

MAX FENIG: It hurts. It hurts. Please stop. It hurts.

MULDER: Max?

MAX FENIG: It hurts. It hurts.

MULDER: Max. Its alright.

MAX FENIG: It hurts. Stop it. No, no. It's me they... (helicopter can be heard overhead) They're coming for me. Now I know....They're coming for me. That's why they're here.
(Mulder motions to the helicopter and SCULLY leaves the warehouse.)



SCENE 27
(Outside warehouse. Military jeeps and transport vehicles pull up outside warehouse.
COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: gets out of jeep.)

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Alpha team, secure the room.

OFFCAMERA: Stop right there. Put your hands up, and come with us.

(Scully is escorted by two men in fatigues to CCH. Two men in blue uniforms seen placing plastique on large loading dock doors)

ALPHA TEAM LEADER: Alpha team ready on the roof.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Roger alpha .

DELTA TEAM LEADER: Delta team in position sir.

SCULLY: (to CCH) What are you doing? You have a very sick man in there.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: We're not in the hospital now, Doctor Scully.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Omega team report.

OMEGA TEAM LEADER: Omega Team in position.

SCULLY: He's a delusional schitzophrenic.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Keep her clear!

ALPHA TEAM LEADER: Sir, this is Alpha Team Leader.(Looking through heat-source sensing device) I'm picking up three forms inside the structure.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Did you say three forms?

ALPHA TEAM LEADER: Two are proximate. The third approaching from 30 meters.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: All teams prepare to go in 30 seconds



SCENE 28
(Inside warehouse)
MULDER: Come on. Come on, Max.

MAX FENIG: Why... Stop. Why?

MULDER: I'm hear to help you.

MAX FENIG: I'm scared.

MULDER: I know.

MAX FENIG: Don't let them take me.

MULDER: I won't let them take you. Come on, Max. Come with me.

MAX FENIG: NO!!

(Camera as creature rushes in towards Max and Mulder. Mulder is thrown clear. When he stands up, Max is gone)

MULDER: Max! Max!(Mulder limps off in another direction) MAX!

(Mulder sees Max suspended in a light in the middle of the warehouse. His feet aren't touching the ground. With explosive sound, light gets brighter. Max begins to shake. Mulder watches until light gets too bright. Light washes out.)



SCENE 29
(Outside warehouse)
ALPHA TEAM LEADER: Sir this is Alpha team leader. Except for our men, I'm only picking one figure inside.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: I *Do Not* copy that.

ALPHA TEAM LEADER: We indicate only one figure inside the building.

SCULLY: What?!

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Blow the door!

(Plastique blows off door. Men enter running. Mulder limps over to place where Max was. Picks up Max's NICAP hat which is lying on the floor.)

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Where is he?

MULDER: He's gone. They got to him first. They beat us Colonel.

COLONEL CALVIN HENDERSON: Arrest him...and keep looking.



SCENE 30
(Exterior shot of FBI Building)
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL
RESPONSIBILITY HEARING
10:17 AM
DAY 4

(Scully sits at one end of a long table. Section Chief McGrath, a stenographer, and two other men in suits are sitting at the far end)

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: Agent Scully, to the best of your knowledge was Agent Mulder ever assigned to investigate matters related to the evacuation of Townshend, Wisconson?

SCULLY: No, sir

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: At any time were you aware of his submitting a form 302 requesting said assignment or travel expenses?

SCULLY: No, sir.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: While in Wisconsin, did Agent Mulder drive a blue Ford Taurus registered to the state car rental agency.

SCULLY: Yes.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: Thank you, Agent Scully.

SCULLY: Sir. Request permision to make a statement.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: Request denied.

SCULLY: Sir, its unfair to judge Mulder by the same criteria...

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: You're dismissed Agent Scully.

SCULLY: But sir, I...

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: THAT will be all.
(Scully stands up and leaves room)



SCENE 31
(Mulder sits in hallway, reading a newspaper. Crutches lean against the wall behind him.
Scully exits from room into hallway)
MULDER: Do you hear that sound Scully? (picks up crutches) Hammer and nails. They're building a gallows in the town square. Don't worry. (Scully bends down, picking up a large envelope) It was only a matter of time. (Hands envelope to Mulder) I'm surprised I lasted this long.

SCULLY: Good luck

MULDER: (limping on crutches) I'll break a leg.

(Dana watches Mulder enter room. Picks up paper and reads story: Title: Toxic Clean Up a Success Subtitle: Wisconsin residents allowed back to their homes)



SCENE 32
SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: ...as well as insubordination and misconduct. How do you respond to these allegations, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Over a dozen men lost their lives and you want me to respond to issues of protocol?

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: You failed to obtain proper authorization for your actions.

MULDER: Because I knew it wouldn't be forthcoming.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: You also violated a federal quarantine....

MULDER: (Raising his voice) A cover up was underway...

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: (Raising his voice)...exposing yourself and possibly others to toxic contamination.

MULDER: (Yelling) Oh, toxic contamination? Are we back in that? You read my report, explain the disapearance of Max Fenig.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: Your report is not the subject of this inquiry...

MULDER: I have further evidence to support my conclusions -- X-rays taken while Mr. Fenig was institutionalized show an object lodged in his cerrebelum (Waves the envelope)

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: That is irrelevant Agent Mulder.

MULDER: The man was abducted. We all know it. Everybody in this room knows it.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: (Increasingly agitated) Colonel Henderson's written testimony states that Fenig's body was found two hours later in a cargo container.

MULDER: Then what can I say? (Stands up) How can I disprove lies that are stamped with an official
seal?

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: That will be all Mr. Mulder.

MULDER: You can deny all the things I've seen. All the things I've discovered. But not for much longer. Because too many others know what's happening out there. And no one. No government agency has jurisdiction over the truth. (Takes crutches and envelope, and leaves)



SCENE 33
(Section chief McGrath stalks up to Deep Throat. Both are standing in the courtyard outside an office building)
SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: Why did you countermand my decision? Mulder's conduct was in clear violation not only of bureau procedures but of federal law.

DEEP THROAT: Yes.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: I don't understand. The committee's case was air tight. You've ruined the last best chance we had to get rid of him.

DEEP THROAT: I appreciate your frustration, but you and I both know Mulder's work is a singular passion -- poses a most unique dilemma. But his occasional insubordination is in the end, far less dangerous.

SECTION CHIEF MCGRATH: With respect sir, less dangerous than what?

DEEP THROAT: Than having him exposed to the wrong people.What he knows...(laughs)... what he thinks he knows...(sighs) Always keep your friends close, Mr. McGrath... but keep your enemies closer.

(Deep Throat walks off.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT
A barking dog is heard in the distance. It's a nice upper class neighborhood. The camera pans to a white two story house. A couple jog by and look over at the house.

WOMAN: What's she doing there by herself?

(There is a little girl, Teena Simmons, 8, who is standing at the end of the driveway of the white house holding a big stuffed bunny. They jog to her.)

MAN: Teena?

WOMAN: Honey? (The woman reaches out to Teena.)

WOMAN: You're freezing. Where's your jacket?

MAN: Where's your Daddy?

TEENA: In the yard. He told me he needed some time to himself.

MAN: I'd say his time's up.

WOMAN: Come on, Honey. I'm sure he wouldn't want you to catch cold.




SCENE 2
BACKYARD
They go to the back yard. There is a man sitting in the backyard swing. The man walks to him as he talks.

MAN: Joel? Hey, Joel... The swing set's supposed to be for your daughter, not for you.

(He touches Joel and he falls to the side. He's pure white, has a ghost look on his face, glazed eyes and has two puncture marks on his neck. Teena screams.)

MAN: I'll call 911.

TEENA: Daddy?




SCENE 3
FBI HEADQUARTERS
Scully and Mulder in their office. Mulder is looking at slides.

SCULLY: Death by hypovolaemia. 95% blood loss. That's over 4 liters of blood.

MULDER: I'd say the man was running on empty.

SCULLY: The man's daughter, 8 years old... was away from his side for no more than 10 minutes. She doesn't remember anything, there was no trace evidence found at the crime scene.

MULDER: Any evidence would have be washed away by yesterday's rain.

SCULLY: Oh, there were two small puncture wounds.

MULDER: Are you at all familiar with the phenomena of cattle mutilations?

(He goes to the slide projector and shows slides of mutilated cattle to Scully as he talks.)

MULDER: Since 1967, over 34 states have reported unsolved cases of cattle mutilations. Trace evidence is remarkably similar. Incision marks of surgical precision. The area around the mouth and often the sexual organs have been removed. There's a substantial degree of blood loss but not a trace of blood at the scene.

SCULLY: How could that be?

MULDER: Exsanguination. If you were to stick a needle into the jugular of any living creature, the heart itself would act as a pump. These animals have had their jugulars punctured the same as the man in Greenwich, CT. Although this is the first time I've ever seen it on a human being.

SCULLY: But there was no sign of a struggle. How could a man just sit through a blood letting?

MULDER: The ME found traces of digitalis, a South American plant that can be used as a paralytic drug.

SCULLY: Wait a minute. These X-Files indicate UFO related phenomena. Often there are related sightings in the sky near the incidences, along with surface burns...

MULDER: Witnesses often relate time loss. We've seen this in abduction cases. That might explain why the girl can't remember anything.

SCULLY: Mulder, why would alien beings travel light years through space in order to play doctor on cattle?

MULDER: For the same reason we cut up frogs and monkeys. Besides, they seem to have stepped up their interest.

(Mulder points to the slide of the father, Joel and his puncture wounds on his neck.)




SCENE 4
FAIRFIELD COUNTY SOCIAL SERVICES HOSPITAL GREENWICH, CT
We see through the window that Teena is in a bed.

HALLWAY

A social worker leads Mulder and Scully through a hall and up some stairs.

SOCIAL WORKER: Her mother passed away from ovarian cancer two years ago. There's no other family. We'll keep Teena here until we can place her with a foster family.

MULDER: Has she spoken about it?

SOCIAL WORKER: No. Not a word.

MULDER: Any nightmares?

SOCIAL WORKER: No. At least, not that I know of.

(They get to a door with a round window and look in.)

SCULLY: Can we talk to her now?

(They knock on Teena's door and open it.)




SCENE 5
TEENA'S ROOM
They enter. Teena is sitting up in bed holding a stuffed bunny. Scully sits on Teena's bed. Mulder sits in a chair.

SOCIAL WORKER: Teena? These are the people we talked about. This is Miss Scully and Mr. Mulder. Do you think you could talk to them?

(Teena nods and the social worker leaves the room.)

SCULLY: Hi. I know you must be feeling really sad right now. And scared. But we want to find out what happened so we can help stop whoever hurt your daddy. Okay?

(Teena nods.)

SCULLY: Okay. Did you ever see any strangers with your daddy at home?

(Teena shakes her head no.)

SCULLY: Did you ever see... anyone yell at your daddy or your daddy yell at them?

TEENA: No.

SCULLY: Can you think of anyone who would want to hurt your daddy?

TEENA: No.

MULDER: Nice bunny, Teena. Can we talk about what happened that day? About what happened in the back yard?

(Teena nods hesitantly.)

MULDER: Yeah? Do you remember... any strange sounds or lights or anything like that?

TEENA: There was Red Lightening.

MULDER: Can you tell me more about the Red Lightening?

TEENA: I can't remember... it all went dark.

MULDER: Had you ever seen anything like that before?

(Teena nods.)

MULDER: Yeah? When?

TEENA: The men from the clouds, they were after my dad.

(Scully's phone rings. She answers it away from the bed and Mulder and Teena.)

SCULLY: Scully... Where?

MULDER: Why were these men after your Dad?

TEENA: They wanted to exsanguinate him.

(Mulder looks at Teena with surprise such a little girl would know such a word.)

SCULLY: Mulder...

(Mulder joins Scully.)

SCULLY: There's been another one.




SCENE 6
REARDON CRIME SCENE - MARIN COUNTY, CALIFORNIA
In a back yard of a similar home as the Greenwich house, a back yard swing set is shown. Mulder and Scully walk in from the driveway. Scully is holding a file.

MULDER: It's like looking at a mirror image.

SCULLY: The victim, Doug Reardon, was married with one daughter. Cause of death, hypovilemia. Mulder, this is crazy. They also found traces of the poison digitalis.

MULDER: Puncture wounds?

SCULLY: Ah... yes. On the jugular. Time of death was estimated at 2:30 p.m. Same day, only three hours earlier than the Simmons murder.

MULDER: That's Pacific standard time. That makes it the exact same moment.

SCULLY: It appears we have two serial killers working in tandem.

MULDER: No. Serial killers seldom work in pairs. And when they do, they kill together not separately.

SCULLY: Mulder, nothing beyond your leading questions to Teena Simmons substantiates a UFO mutilation theory.

MULDER: Is Reardon's daughter nearby when he was murdered?

(She looks in the file again. )

SCULLY: Yes... The police report states that she remembers nothing. Ah... she's with her mother and family in Sacramento.

MULDER: When will they be back?

(She reads again.)

SCULLY: Tomorrow.

MULDER: Even money... she'll remember Red Lightening.




SCENE 7
FAIRFIELD COUNTY SOCIAL SERVICES HOSTEL 12:35 AM E.S.T.
It is night. There is a storm outside. Lightening and thunder. Teena is in bed. She is holding her stuffed bunny. She lifts her head off the pillow. She looks at the window and gets out of bed. She checks through the window in the door if someone is in the hall. She pushes a chair in front of it. Someone on the other side of the door is trying to break in. Teena hides under the bed. Someone enters the room. Teena tries to make a break for it. A figure grabs her arm.




SCENE 8
HALLWAY
We hear Teena's scream. Thunder and lightening pounding. The social worker comes.

SOCIAL WORKER: Teena? Teena? Teena!

All that remains is Teena's stuffed bunny by the open window. Rain beating down on it.




SCENE 9
REARDON HOUSE - NEXT DAY
Mulder and Scully get out of the car and talk as they get to the house.

SCULLY: She was kidnaped from the Social Services Home around 11 p.m. last night. Looks like someone was afraid she might remember too much.

MULDER: Someone or something, Scully.

SCULLY: Connecticut State Troopers set up road blocks within a half an hour. Nothing.

MULDER: Maybe they weren't looking in the right direction. (He points up.)

SCULLY: I told them to contact us if they happen to find her.

(Mulder knocks on the door. It opens. Standing there is a little girl that looks exactly like Teena Simmons. Mulder and Scully just stare at her for a second.)

SCULLY: Teena?

CINDY: No.

SCULLY: What's your name?

CINDY: Cindy Reardon.

MULDER: You live here, Cindy?

CINDY: Ever since I was born, 8 years ago.




SCENE 10
REARDON HOUSE - LATER
Inside, Cindy is watching cartoons as Mulder and Scully watch her from a distance. Cindy picks up the remote and turns the channel to a news conference. She puts the remote down. She's interested. Scully looks at Mulder as Mrs. Reardon enters with a tray of tea.

MULDER: Cindy really is a beautiful little girl, Mrs. Reardon.

MRS REARDON: Doug and I wanted to spoil her. We wanted to protect her from everything horrible in the world. She was daddy's little girl.

(She starts to softly cry.)

MULDER: Is she an only child?

(Mrs. Reardon nods.)

SCULLY: May I ask... Was Cindy adopted?

MRS REARDON: No. I gave birth to her at San Rafael General.

(Cindy listens to what they are saying.)

SCULLY: So, I assume you have all the proper documentation. Birth certificate...

MRS REARDON: Of course I do.

MULDER: Was she the only child delivered at that birth?

MRS REARDON: What the hell kind of question is that? Look, I have told the police everything I know.

(Mulder shows Mrs. Reardon a picture of Teena and Mr. Simmons.)

MULDER: Mrs. Reardon, have you ever seen this man before?

MRS REARDON: This... is this your suspect?

MULDER: No.

MRS REARDON: Did he do something to Cindy?

MULDER: No... he... he did... he didn't...

SCULLY: No. Mrs. Reardon. This is not your daughter. That girl's name is Teena Simmons. She lives 3,000 miles away in Connecticut. That man, her father, was killed in the same manner as your husband.

MRS REARDON: Cindy is my daughter. I can show you videos of her birth. We tried for six years to become pregnant.

MULDER: In vitro fertilization?

(She nods.)

MULDER: At which clinic?

MRS REARDON: Luther Stapes Center. Down in San Francisco.

MULDER: Thanks.




SCENE 11
OUTSIDE
Scully and Mulder leave the house and talk on the way to the car.

SCULLY: Do you still believe this is UFO related? Cindy Reardon didn't see Red Lightening.

MULDER: I don't know. The only thing similar about these girls doesn't seem to be their appearance.

SCULLY: Well, there seems to be the random possibility that two people can have an unrelated likeness.

MULDER: Who both just happened to see their father's exsanguinated. I'd like to get the odds on that in Vegas.

(Scully seems to agree.)




SCENE 12
CAR
Mulder and Scully get in.

SCULLY: The girls are the one and only link between identical murders.

MULDER: One girl was just abducted.

SCULLY: Kidnaped.

MULDER: Potato, potahto.

(Mulder stops the car.)

SCULLY: Where are you going?

MULDER: The murders were committed by the same person or persons. Part of the pattern involves kidnaping the daughter.

SCULLY: And you expect the pattern to continue.

MULDER: I'm going to keep an eye on the girl. You check out the clinic. See if the Simmons were enrolled in the same fertility program.

(He opens the door and gets out.)

SCULLY: Okay. I'll call the San Francisco bureau and get someone to relieve you.

MULDER: Okay.

(He shuts the door.)




SCENE 13
LUTHER STAPES CENTER FOR REPRODUCTIVE MEDICINE
A doctor and Scully walk up the stairs and talk.

DOCTOR: In vitro fertilization is a procedure in which we can implement fertilization. An implantation of the embryo to the uterus.

SCULLY: Could a patient have believed she was receiving her own eggs but actually receive another without her knowledge?

DOCTOR: Not here. We have very strict controls.

SCULLY: Are you ever aware of having patients by the name of Claudia and Joel Simmons?

DOCTOR: Any information about patients is confidential. That's our policy.

SCULLY: Both the Simmons are dead. And their daughter has been kidnaped. I think any information that you have that could help overrides your policy.




SCENE 14
DOCTOR'S OFFICE
Scully is looking at a file and reads.

SCULLY: You have copies of their records sent to Greenwich, CT, in 1991... They came here 9 years ago under the supervision of a Dr. Sally Kendrick?

(No answer.)

SCULLY: There a problem?

DOCTOR: Dr. Kendrick was nothing but a problem.

(They watch a video tape of Sally Kendrick giving a lecture. She is sharp looking and professional. Wearing a lab coat and in an office. She smiles as she talks.)

SALLY KENDRICK ON TAPE: Hello. And welcome to the Luther Stapes Center for Reproductive Medicine. (She sits on the desk.) I'm Dr. Sally Kendrick, a specialist in the exciting field of in vitro fertilization.

DOCTOR: She was a resident here in 1985. Brilliant. First in her class at Yale med where she got her MD. After completing her doctorate in Bio Genetics, we were thrilled to get her.

SCULLY: And now you don't sound too thrilled.

DOCTOR: We have reason to believe that Dr. Kendrick was tampering with genetic material that was fertilized in the lab prior to implant. Experimenting with Eugenics.

SCULLY: Did you report this to the AMA?

DOCTOR: Of course. And I fired her. And also requested an investigation with the Health Department.

SCULLY: And what happened?

DOCTOR: The AMA censured her. My request for an investigation was denied. Dr. Kendrick disappeared.

DR KENDRICK ON TAPE: We know the pain of infertility and we are ready to help. In the next half hour, I'll guide you through...

(We watch the tape again as it melds into another TV and VCR showing the same tape with Scully's voice over.)




SCENE 15
HOTEL ROOM
Mulder and Scully are sitting on the end of a bed watching the tape. Scully talks over the tape.

SCULLY: Dr. Kendrick was the supervising physician in both the Reardon's and Simmons' IVF program. It seems she was experimenting at the clinic.

MULDER: Maybe now she's trying to erase the results?

(They watch the tape again.)

DR KENDRICK ON TAPE: ... can't guarantee everyone's success, but with our scientific advances, a little luck, and a lot of hope... miracles can happen.

SCULLY: Well, she must have had an accomplice to have done both murders.

MULDER: So you think this is a vendetta that she and a colleague have against the Stapes Center?

(The phone rings. Scully answers it.)

SCULLY: Mulder, does this mean you've abandoned your UFO connection? (to phone) Hello?

(There's two clicks on the phone. )

SCULLY: Hello?

(She hangs up.)

SCULLY: Just a couple of clicks. Must be the wrong number.

MULDER: I'll tell you what... I'm going to sleep on it and we'll talk about it in the morning.

(He guides her to the door.)

SCULLY: Mulder, you're rushing me out of the room.

MULDER: No, I'm not.

SCULLY: You got a girl coming over?

MULDER: What's a girl?

(He opens the door.)

MULDER: No, I have... there's a movie I want to watch on TV. Sleep tight. See you in the morning.




SCENE 16
PIER
Mulder waits and looks around. He walks by bushes and hears Deep Throat's voice. He stops.

DEEP THROAT: Are you certain she hasn't followed you?

MULDER: Yes. What are you doing here?

(Deep Throat comes out of the bushes and they walk as they talk.)

DEEP THROAT: I was hoping we could take in a Warriors game. Actually I was just in the neighborhood... Wondered if I ever told you about the Lichfield Experiments.

MULDER: No you haven't.

DEEP THROAT: Well, it was the most interesting project. Highest level of classification. All records have since been destroyed. And those who knew of it, denied knowledge of its existence. It existed during the height of the cold war. We got wind the Russians were fooling around with Eugenics. Rather primitively, I might add. Trying to crossbreed top scientists, athletes... to come up with the superior soldier. Naturally, we jumped on the band wagon.




SCENE 17
WHITING INSTITUTE FOR THE CRIMINALLY INSANE
Deep Throat's voice over continues as we see the outside of the institute that looks like a prison.

MULDER VOICE OVER: The Lichfield Experiment.

DEEP THROAT VOICE OVER: A group of genetically controlled children. Raised and monitored on a compound in Lichfield. The boys were called Adam and the girls were called Eve. There's a woman you should see and I'll make sure that you can get in.




SCENE 18
INSIDE
Scully and Mulder go to a desk to sign in by a guard.

MULDER: Agents Mulder and Scully. We're here to see Eve 6.

GUARD: Deposit your fire arms.

(They do.)

GUARD: Sign for these.

(He puts two contraptions on the desk.)

MULDER: What are those?

GUARD: Panic buttons. Can't let you inside without one.




SCENE 19
LATER
They are being led through a series of corridors, stairs and cages. All metal and mesh. They stop by a cell door. The female security guard gives them both flashlights.

SCULLY: Why the flashlights?

GUARD: She screams and screams if we turn the over heads on. No one's ever gotten a good look at her.

(Mulder and Scully are going to go into the cell.)

GUARD: We'll be right outside.




SCENE 20
INSIDE CELL
Mulder and Scully turn the flashlights on. It's a dirty cell with garbage all over. Padded walls.

MULDER: Hello? (They see Eve 6 crouching in the corner on the floor with shackles. Eve 6 has dirty hair and yellow teeth. There are pictures on the wall.)

EVE 6: Well it looks like you got what you're looking for... One of us at least.

SCULLY: Sally Kendrick...

EVE 6: Cut off the chains... then we'll talk.

MULDER: They're probably there for a good reason.

EVE 6: No. Bad reason. I paid too much attention to a guard. Bit into his eyeball. (She giggles and makes gnashing sounds.) I meant it as a sign of affection. (She laughs.) Are you going to give me an IQ test by any chance? I think I can top 265. We're very bright, we Eves. It runs in the family.

MULDER: Where are the others? The other Adams and the Eves?

EVE 6: All that's left is me. And Eve 7, she escaped early on. And Eve 8. She escaped 10 years later.

SCULLY: Are you Sally Kendrick?

EVE 6: That's not my name. But she is me and I am her and we are together.

(She thinks this is funny too.)

SCULLY: Did you work for the Luther Stapes Center for Reproductive Medicine in 1985?

EVE 6: 1985?! I've been tied up like this for two years and for what reason? For no reason, I did nothing. I'm just me. They made me. But did they suffer? No. No. I suffer. I suffer! They keep me alive for the Lichfield Project , they come in... they test me, they poke me... to see what went wrong. Sally knows what went wrong.

(She was almost spitting out the words. She points to them as best she can with her hands tied.)

EVE 6: You and you. You have 46 chromosomes. The Adams and the Eves ... we have 56. We have extra chromosomes. Number 4, 5, 12, 16, and 22. This replication of chromosomes also produces additional genes. Heightened strength. Heightened intelligence.

MULDER: Heightened psychosis.

EVE 6: Saved the best for last. (She looks at them.) You don't believe me. I have proof. Look on the wall. My family album.

(One of the pictures on the wall is of many clones of Teena and Cindy by a swing set.)

SCULLY: My God. It's the girls.

EVE 6: We were close. We were very close.

MULDER: Dr. Kendrick was using the clinic to carry on the Lichfield Experiment. She was cloning herself.




SCENE 21
REARDON HOUSE
There are religious picture on the wall as we hear Cindy's voice over reciting a prayer.

CINDY VOICE OVER: Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the Lord, my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake... (She is bent by the bed and her mother is watching her while sitting on the bed.) I pray the Lord my soul to take. God bless Grandma and Grandpa Stenner, Erma and ___, and please bless Mom, and please take care of Daddy up in heaven.

MRS REARDON: You're such a special little girl, Cindy. (She tucks her into bed.) Good night, Honey.




SCENE 22
OUTSIDE HOUSE
The upstairs light is turned off.




SCENE 23
CAR
Mulder and Scully are in the car watching the house.

MULDER: Suppose Eve 6 is right and there are two other Eves out there. That could account for the two identical murders occurring at exactly the same time. Sally Kendrick does have an accomplice. Herself.

SCULLY: Until I heard that, I was beginning to suspect the girls.

MULDER: No. No, no, no. It seems the two remaining Eves are doing away with the parents in order to keep Teena and Cindy in the family.




SCENE 24
CINDY'S ROOM
The lights are off and Cindy gets out of bed.




SCENE 25
CAR
Scully looks at Cindy's window with binoculars. Cindy is standing at the window.

SCULLY: You suppose these girls have any idea of what they are?

MULDER: I hope not.

(A bright light appears in Cindy's room.)

SCULLY: Mulder, let's go.




SCENE 26
CINDY'S ROOM
The closet fills with light and the doors open. Light floods the room. Cindy turns around and someone comes out of the closet and takes Cindy's arm.




SCENE 27
CAR
Mulder and Scully get out of the car.

MULDER: I'll take the back.

(They take off in different directions.)




SCENE 28
OUTSIDE HOUSE
Mulder goes around the side of the house on the driveway with his flashlight and gun.




SCENE 29
INSIDE HOUSE
The lights are off and Scully walks through the house with her gun poised. She meets up with Mrs. Reardon.

SCULLY: There's someone upstairs, wait outside.




SCENE 30
OUTSIDE HOUSE
Mulder comes around to the back yard.




SCENE 31
INSIDE HOUSE
Scully gets to the top of the stairs and is blind sided. She is knocked down by a force.




SCENE 32
OUTSIDE HOUSE
The patio door bursts and a woman holding Cindy comes out of the house. Mulder points his gun.

MULDER: FBI. I'm armed.

((I'm not sure if this is the real Sally Kendrick who is Eve 7 or this is just Eve 7 or what, but I'll call this one Eve 7.)) Eve 7 holding Cindy stops and looks at him. She's wearing a dark sweatshirt with the hood over her head.

MULDER: Which one are you? Eve 7 or Eve 8?

(Eve 7 points a gun at Cindy's head.)

EVE 7: Drop it. You know I'm capable. Slow. Real slow.

(Mulder puts his gun on the ground. Eve 7 takes off and Mulder stoops to pick up his gun and follows her. A car starts and he runs after it as it takes off down the alleyway.)




SCENE 33
LATER
Scully is talking to a cop filling out a report.

SCULLY: Suspect's name is Sally Kendrick. Early 40's, 5'8, 135 pounds. Now she may have an accomplice, similar in appearance. Kendrick is driving a light blue '93 Corolla. She has exceptional strength for her size. So you must consider her armed and dangerous. Quite possibly she'll display severe psychotic behavior. The Oakland Bureau was here to orchestrate a search across the bridge.

(She leaves the cop and joins Mrs. Reardon wrapped in a blanket and Mulder.)

MRS REARDON: What if she kills her?

MULDER: Mrs. Reardon, the fact that Kendrick and her accomplice murdered the fathers and abducted the girls means they want them alive. I'm sure Cindy's alive and we'll find her.

(Mrs. Reardon walks away crying.)

SCULLY: And then what do we do?




SCENE 34
PT. REYES NATIONAL SEASHORE - 40 MILES NORTH OF SAN FRANCISCO
A vacancy sign is lit with a car driving up to the hotel. The manager does gardening and watches as the car parks and a woman, an Eve gets out and walks into a hotel kitchenette with the girl.




SCENE 35
INSIDE
They enter.

EVE 7: I'm sorry you have to meet this way. But it's the best for all concerned.

(Eve 7 opens the bathroom door. Teena is sitting on the edge of the tub. Cindy hangs by the door. Eve 7 sits on the tub with Teena.)

EVE 7: Teena Simmons, meet Cindy Reardon.

(They look each other over and smile.)




SCENE 36
REARDON HOUSE
Scully and Mulder come downstairs. A female cop meets them. Mulder is on his cell phone.

COP: Agent Scully? They found the Corolla in the parking lot at San Francisco International.

SCULLY: Okay, good. I want you to start a check on every single passenger for every flight that left the terminal over the past twelve hours. I want you to check every single terminal to make sure she's not hiding out somewhere for a later flight. And remember, she may have an accomplice.

(Mulder hangs up.)

MULDER: That was a motel manager in Port Reyes that says he's got a guest that matches Sally Kendrick's description.

SCULLY: We just found the car at the airport.

MULDER: She might have ditched it. The manager said this woman checked in with a little girl. That she leaves the hotel in the afternoon by herself, was gone all night and returns the next day with the little girl.

SCULLY: Someone else could have picked up the little girl without the manager knowing about it. The place is crawling with vacationing families. There would be hundreds of little kids running around.

MULDER: No, he remembers this kid. She told him he should use chlorine to irradiate the dinoflagellates in the swimming pool. Does that sound like someone we know?

SCULLY: That's it.




SCENE 37
HOTEL
Sally prepares fast food for them and sits at the table with the girls.

EVE 7: I've always kept and close eye on your behavior. No matter where I was. The last few years I've spent in search of the remaining Eves. That however was cut short by your... activity. I hoped my work at the Stapes Center had corrected the Lichfield flaws. Psychotic behavior didn't develop in the Adams and Eves until age 16. Homicidal behavior... at 20. Imagine my... disappointment when I learned of your... accelerated development. How did you know of each other's existence?

TEENA AND CINDY: We just knew.

EVE 7: Did you discuss how you would orchestrate your little... prank?

TEENA AND CINDY: We just knew.

EVE 7: Why murder your fathers?

TEENA OR CINDY (who knows which is which): They weren't our fathers.

THE OTHER ONE: We have no parents.

THE FIRST ONE: We weren't born.

THE OTHER ONE: We were created.

EVE 7: You cannot think that way. You're human beings. Different, special, but you cannot give into genetic destiny. That's why I've taken you. I was raised by a man who knew what I was. He was a genetic engineer on the project. With the... proper environment, and a program... of long term medication... you can become like me... and not the other Eves...

(She is breathing heavy. Sally starts shaking the table. The girls smile at each other. She gets up and is about the throw up.)

EVE 7: What... what have you done to ... me?

TEENA OR CINDY: Your soda...

THE OTHER ONE: 4 ounces of foxglove...

THE FIRST ONE: ...extracted from the digitalis plant...

(The other one makes a measurement of about a half inch between her pointing finger and thumb.)

THE OTHER ONE: This much is a lethal dose.

THE FIRST ONE: We cultivated it ourselves.

EVE 7: Wh... why?

TEENA OR CINDY: You tell us.

THE OTHER ONE: You made us.

THE FIRST ONE: We're your mistake.

(Eve tries to get a grip by the counter. )

EVE 7: That I'll correct... my mistake.




SCENE 38
LATER
Mulder and Scully arrive. Cops are already there. He's in the front seat of his prowler. Mulder and Scully walk to him and he gets out.

COP: I waited like you told me. No one's gotten out and no one's gotten in.

(They hear a noise.)

COP: Get the back!

(They all rush to the hotel room.)




SCENE 39
INSIDE
They enter and see Eve on the floor. Mulder looks both ways out the open window as Scully checks for a pulse.

TEENA OR CINDY: They left.

(Scully sees the girls huddled in a corner.)

SCULLY: Who's they?

OTHER ONE: Her and another lady.

FIRST ONE: We were all supposed to drink but we only pretended to drink it.

OTHER ONE: They tried to poison us.

(The girls hug, scared.)

MULDER: What did the other lady look like?

(They point at the dead Eve 7 on the floor.)

MULDER: Eve 8. They were working together.

SCULLY: It's alright. We'll take care of you. You're safe with us.




SCENE 40
LATER
A sheet is put over Sally. Scully picks up a glass from the table. She looks at it and hands it to Mulder.

SCULLY: Looks like the Eves mixed about 4 ounces of digitalis in each glass.

MULDER: Their own mini Jonestown. Eve 6 said they were prone to suicide.

SCULLY: It has a sweet flavor. It's probably not even perceptible in soda.

(A cop comes up to them.)

COP: We're still searching the area but still no sign of the other suspect. We'll have an officer take the girls back.

MULDER: Ah, maybe it would be better if we took responsibility for the girls.

SCULLY: We could take them to get checked out by a doctor.

COP: Okay, whatever.




SCENE 41
OUTSIDE
Scully walks to the girls.

SCULLY: We're going to take you back.

CINDY: Back where? What's going to happen to Teena?

(They get in the back seat.)

SCULLY: They've already grown so attached. It's going to be hard when Teena gets placed in foster care.

MULDER: Yeah.

(Mulder and Scully get in.)




SCENE 42
ROAD - NIGHT
Mulder is driving. Scully in front passenger seat and the girls in the back. They look at each other.

TEENA OR CINDY: Agent Mulder, I have to go to the bathroom.

OTHER ONE: Me too.

MULDER: Can you hold it?

FIRST ONE: I really need to go.

SCULLY: I could use some caffeine.




SCENE 43
TRUCK STOP
They drive up.




SCENE 44
INSIDE
They walk up to the counter. There's a waitress behind the counter.

MULDER: Hi. Where's your bathrooms?

WAITRESS: In the back. Let me get you the key.

(She hands them to him.)

MULDER: Thanks.

(He gives the woman's key to Scully and turns back to the counter.)

MULDER: Oh, can I get four diet sodas?

TEENA AND CINDY: Regular.

MULDER: Okay, two diet and two regular. To go. Please.

(Scully and the girls go to the woman's restroom.)




SCENE 45
WOMAN'S RESTROOM
We see the closed stall doors.

TEENA OR CINDY VOICE OVER: Agent Scully, my door's stuck.

SCULLY VOICE OVER: Just a second.

(One of the girls leaves.)




SCENE 46
COUNTER
The girl goes to the counter and takes two of the drinks. The waitress stops her.

WAITRESS: Just a minute.

TEENA OR CINDY: That's okay. My dad will pay for them when he gets out of the bathroom.

(She brings the drinks to a table and puts poison in them. Mulder comes up behind her.)

MULDER: Those are the diet?

(She points to two drinks.)

TEENA OR CINDY: I think these are.

(He takes a drink.)

MULDER: Are you sure? These are really sweet.

TEENA OR CINDY: I know they are. I saw her pour it.

MULDER: Okay.

(Scully and the other girl comes out.)

SCULLY: Let's go.

MULDER: Come on.

(He gives his drink to Scully and puts his hand on the back of the girl and they walk to the door. Scully and the other girl go outside.)

TEENA OR CINDY: Don't forget the drinks.

(Mulder and the girl come back to counter to pay for them.)

MULDER: How much?

WAITRESS: $5.

(Mulder gives money to the girl.)

MULDER: You want to pay?

TEENA OR CINDY: Sure.

MULDER: Thanks.

(He says to the waitress and they walk to the door.)




SCENE 47
OUTSIDE
They all walk outside. Scully takes a drink.

SCULLY: Um, tastes syrupy.

(Mulder pats his pockets.)

MULDER: You didn't pick up my keys off the counter, did you?

(She shakes her head.)

MULDER: All right. I'll be right back.

(Scully smiles and she and the girls walk to the car. Mulder goes back inside. )




SCENE 48
INSIDE
Mulder sees a green residue on the table where the drinks were.




SCENE 49
OUTSIDE
Mulder bursts out of the truck stop as Scully takes another drink.

MULDER: SCULLY!

SCULLY: What?

(He rushes down the stairs to her.)

MULDER: I just wanted to open the car door for you.

(He knocks the drink out of her hand.)

SCULLY: Mulder...

MULDER (to Scully, quietly so the girls won't hear): It's them, they poisoned them, let's just get them into the car.

(The girls are gone.)

MULDER: I only had a sip.

SCULLY: We didn't drink enough to make us sick.

(They look around for them. Guns raised. Neat shots through pipes as Scully passes, etc. Teena and Cindy walk under a semi bed and Mulder grabs them. They scream.)

MULDER: SCULLY! I GOT THEM!

TEENA AND CINDY: LEAVE US ALONE!

MULDER: SCULLY!

(A truck driver comes with a shotgun and his wife.)

TRUCK DRIVER: HEY! What the hell are you doing?

(Scully runs up.)

MULDER: Back off. We're federal agents.

TRUCK DRIVER: Yeah, and these are America's Most Wanted? Hands in front.

TEENA AND CINDY: LEAVE US ALONE!

TRUCK DRIVER'S WIFE: Get in the truck, girls.

(The girls get out of Mulder's clench.)

TRUCK DRIVER'S WIFE: Get in. I'm going to call the police.

SCULLY: We are the police.

(The girls take off.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(They search for them again. A bus leaves.)

TRUCK DRIVER: They went that way.

(He points to the truck stop. They go into the truck stop again.)




SCENE 50
TRUCK STOP
Mulder and Scully run in. They see the waitress.

SCULLY: Did you see the twins we were with?

WAITRESS: No. There's a bunch of school kids just left in that bus.




SCENE 51
OUTSIDE
Mulder and Scully go outside and into their car. It drives behind a truck, pauses, then takes off after the bus. Teena and Cindy get out of a boat with a tarp on it. Mulder comes up behind them.

MULDER: Forget your sodas?

TEENA: We didn't do anything wrong.

CINDY: We're just little girls.

MULDER: That's the last thing you are.




SCENE 52
REARDON HOUSE
She is looking at pictures of Cindy.

MRS REARDON: They said they have an excellent program that can help her.

MULDER: They can't hide behind the bureaucracy, Mrs. Reardon. You have every right to know what happened. You have a right to know about your daughter.

MRS REARDON: All I need to know is she was not my daughter. She never was.




SCENE 53
CELLS
In adjoining cells, Teena and Cindy are next to Eve 6. They look at her. They are now labeled Eves 9 and 10.

EVE 6: Hello girls. So nice to have company.




SCENE 54
GUARD STATION
A woman in a white lab coat is signing in. He gives her a panic button.

GUARD: Sign for this.
(She does.)




SCENE 55
CELLS
The lab coated woman goes to the cell doors.

EVE 9: Hello Eve 8.

EVE 8: How did you know I'd come for you?

EVE 10: We've been waiting.

EVE 8: How did you know I'd come for you?

EVE 9: We just knew.

EVE 10: We just knew.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
BOSHAM, ENGLAND
70 MILES SOUTHWEST OF LONDON
(A man goes out of his house, holding hands with his young wife as gardeners shuffle around)

MAN: Hmm, yes.

(He kisses her.)

Love you.

(He walks down the walkway with his cane, looking at the various gardeners.)

Hello.

GARDENER: Good morning, sir.

MAN: Good morning.

(He goes over to a man, Cecil L'Ively, trimming the flower bushes.)

Good morning, Cecil.

L'IVELY: Top of the morning to you

(The man walks to his car. The chauffeur opens the door and the man turns and waves goodbye. Cecil watches intently.)

Eh, thank you. Goodbye, darling.

WOMAN: Goodbye, Charles. When can I expect you?

MAN: Before supper.

(He looks at his arm. It is on fire. The woman gasps as he begins spinning around, screaming. The men start running towards him, all except Cecil. The man is completely engulfed in flames now, and he spins around before falling, screaming horrifically. The men scream various commands to each other as they run over to try to put out the fire. Cecil watches the fire dance, a smile on his face.)




SCENE 2
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder and Scully walk to their car. Mulder is carrying a stack of books.)

SCULLY: I forgot what it was like to spend a day in court.

MULDER: Well, that's one of the luxuries of hunting down aliens and genetic mutants. You rarely get to press charges.

(He puts the books on the top of the car and reaches into his pocket to take out the keys. Scully laughs and opens the door.)

SCULLY: It's open.

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: It's unlocked.

MULDER: That's weird. I'm sure I locked it.

SCULLY: Must be an X-File.

(She gets in the car. He smiles, takes the books and gets in the car.)

What's that?

(Mulder looks to see a cassette sitting on the dashboard.)

MULDER: I told you I locked the door.

(He takes the tape out of it's case and looks at it.)

SCULLY: What do you think it is?

MULDER: Ten-to-one, you can't dance to it.

(He puts the tape in and it plays. A woman with a British accent speaks.)

WOMAN: Greetings, Agent Mulder. Six months ago, British Minister of Parliament Reggie Ellicott received an audio cassette much like the one you are listening to now.

(Mulder recognizes the voice and starts looking around.)

Unfortunately for Mr. Ellicott, when he popped the tape into the car stereo, he armed a device, which, when he tried to exit the car, created an explosion that was heard five miles away. The Scotland Yard Forensic Team could only identify the poor bastard by his dental records. If only he hadn't reached for the door handle and triggered the detonator. But then how was he to know he was sitting on enough plastique explosive to lift the car forty feet in the air and deposit the engine block on top of a three-story building?

(The door opens and Scully gasps. A woman, Phoebe Green, looks in. She was the woman on the tape.)

GREEN: Aren't we looking rather ghostly?

MULDER: (to Scully) It's an old friend.

(He gets out of the car.)

GREEN: Aren't you going to thank me?

MULDER: For what?

GREEN: Saving your life. One tends not to make the same mistake twice.

MULDER: I'll try to remember that.

GREEN: Oh, come on, don't tell me you left your sense of humor in Oxford ten years ago?

MULDER: No, actually. It's one of the few things you didn't drive a stake through.

(Scully gets out of the car and looks at them. Green kisses Mulder. Scully seems uncomfortable with that.)

GREEN: You know, some mistakes are quite worth making twice.

MULDER: Dana Scully, this is Phoebe Green, terror of Scotland Yard.

GREEN: Hello.

SCULLY: Hello.

GREEN (whispering): She hates me.

MULDER: What brings you to the colonies?




SCENE 3
X-FILES OFFICE
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Mulder is sitting down and looking at pictures of severely charred men. Phoebe is sitting across from him, Scully is standing.)

GREEN: Some clever bloke has been giving the aristocracy a good scare. Killed off a ranking member of Parliament or three for good measure. Set Windsor Castle ablaze in 1992.

MULDER: Your car bomber?

GREEN: No. This one likes to burn his victims alive. Can't figure out how he does it either. Not a crumb of evidence left at the crime scene. The last one died in his front garden, his poor young wife watching helplessly as he went up in smoke.

MULDER: The Irish Republican Army?

GREEN: Our suspect likes to send love letters to his victims' wives.

(She stands up.)

Sent one to the wife of Sir Malcolm Marsden a month ago. Three days later, he narrowly escaped a fire in his garage. Burned to the ground. So they're renting a place out on Cape Cod. Bringing the family over to the states for an extended holiday or until we can catch the dirty bugger.

MULDER: You think he's that determined?

GREEN: Judging by his success, he seems to take a certain delight in his work.

MULDER: So what brings you on this detour to Washington, D.C., Inspector?

GREEN: I figured my friend Mulder couldn't resist a three-pipe problem.

MULDER: I'll run it by our arson specialist.

GREEN: Splendid. I'll call London, let them know.

(Mulder nods. Green walks over to the chair, takes her coat and bag, and opens the door. She turns back and looks at Scully.)

Oh, goodbye.

(Scully waves goodbye. Phoebe leaves.)

SCULLY: Three-pipe problem?

MULDER: That's, uh, from Sherlock Holmes. It's a private joke.

SCULLY: How private?

MULDER: Um... we knew each other in school in England. She was brilliant and, uh, I got in over my head and, uh, paid the price.

SCULLY: Mulder, you just keep unfolding like a flower.

(She gets up, as does he. He puts on his coat.)

MULDER: That was over ten years ago, Scully.

SCULLY: Yeah, I noticed how you couldn't drop everything fast enough in order to help her out.

MULDER: Oh, I was merely extending her a professional courtesy.

SCULLY: Oh, is that what you were extending?

MULDER: Look, I'm going to run this by the arson guys and then she's on her own.

SCULLY: Something tells me you're not going to get rid of her that easily.

(He opens the door and looks at her, then walks out.)




SCENE 4
ARSON LAB
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Mulder is sitting in the back. Phoebe is holding a remote control. On the slide viewscreen, there is a picture of fire. Agent Beatty, the arson specialist, stands in front of it.)

BEATTY: Beautiful.

(The slide changes to more flames.)

BEATTY: Oh, just beautiful. Look at that. Salmon red flames. This is fourteen-hundred, fifteen-hundred degrees. This is a work of art.

(Slide changes to a burnt body.)

BEATTY: Was there any kind incendiary device used?

GREEN: Yes, actually. The victim's body.

BEATTY: Spontaneous combustion?

GREEN: He was murdered. However, we've turned up no evidence that tells us how the body caught fire.

(The slides go off.)

BEATTY: Well, that's peculiar. People don't normally just catch on fire.

(Scully takes a peek in. The specialist starts around the desk to Phoebe.)

BEATTY: I mean, we burn, but we don't conduct all that well. There's usually some kind of extraneous fuel involved like candle wax, gasoline, something flammable and incendiary that adheres to the skin.

GREEN: Like an accelerant.

BEATTY: Like an accelerant, yes.

GREEN: But we found no trace of anything, save for a dusting of magnesium at two of the sites.

BEATTY: That's aliphatic pyrolysis. It's a residue remaining after an exothermic reaction.

GREEN: But there's no evidence of the source, no pour patterns or ignition devices.

BEATTY: There have been some arson fires in Seattle lately and, uh, Pennsylvania that burn so hot that the firemen can't put them out. 7,000 degrees. I mean, hosing that down just makes it worse.

MULDER: How's that?

BEATTY: Uh, the, uh, reaction is so intense that it splits the water into hydrogen and oxygen. Just adds fuel to the fire.

GREEN: What were they using?

BEATTY: We don't know for sure. Could be rocket fuel. That stuff burns so hot and clean, there's never any trace left. You see, it's very difficult to prove arson. It's driving the insurance companies nuts.

(He and Phoebe laugh.)

BEATTY: Well, that's about the only explanation that I can give you.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: But there have been cases of pyrokinetics, people who can control and conduct fire.

BEATTY: Well, I've seen fire bend around corners, seen it bounce like a rubber ball. Fire's got a certain genius, you know? A certain demon poetry. It's like it's got a mind of it's own. But I've never seen one that can defy the laws of physics, not when you figure it out. You've, uh...

(He looks at Phoebe.)

BEATTY: You've got quite a case for yourself here, Mulder. I almost wish I could be in your shoes.

(Mulder and Green look at each other.)




SCENE 5
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
(Cecil L'Ively is dressed as a handyman, painting the walls with argotypoline, a kind of rocket fuel. He looks through the window and sees a towncar drive up, followed by a rental truck. The door opens and a dog runs out, followed by two boys, Jimmie and Michael.)

JIMMIE: Hey, Jackson... boy, that's a nice house.

LADY MARSDEN: Oh, what a pleasant surprise.

L'IVELY: Welcome to America, Sir Malcolm.

(Sir Malcolm Marsden gets out of the car and goes to the other three. They talk to each other, but we can't understand it. L'Ively pulls out a cigarette and puts it in his mouth. It lights by itself. He takes a few puffs. Some men walk in with boxes, led by Sir and Lady Marsden.)

MOVER: Where would you like these boxes?

LADY MARSDEN: Right there.

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Over there, please, thank you.

LADY MARSDEN: And over there, as well. But the second one I want upstairs.

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Gentlemen, the second set of boxes will go directly upstairs.

LADY MARSDEN: All right?

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Thank you very much.

(L'Ively starts down the stairs, carrying paint cans. He stops at the couple, who are standing on the stairs.)

L'IVELY: (with American accent) Hello there.

LADY MARSDEN: Hello.

L'IVELY: I'm Bob the caretaker. We've been exchanging letters?

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Oh, good heavens, yes of course, Bob. How are you?

(They shake hands.)

L'IVELY: Pleased to meet you.

(He shakes hands with her as well.)

LADY MARSDEN: Hi.

L'IVELY: Hi. Just trying to spruce the place up for you.

LADY MARSDEN: Well, it's delightful. The photos don't do it justice.

L'IVELY: Anything I can do for you, anything at all, you just holler.

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Thank you, Bob.

LADY MARSDEN: Thanks.

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Thank you very much.

(L'Ively walks down the stairs past them as they start up.)

Seems like a rather nice fellow, don't you think?

LADY MARSDEN: Very.

(They walk up the stairs and see a painting. It is of Lady Marsden.)

MALCOLM MARSDEN: My God, darling. That painting rather looks like you. What do you think?

LADY MARSDEN: Oh, I don't know.

(Outside, the boys are playing soccer. Cecil walks out and looks at them.)

JIMMIE: I've never been good at this.

(Cecil smiles and hears the dog whimpering. He looks over at the dog, who is digging up something a little ways into the woods. He walks up and kicks the dog away. The dog starts barking at him.)

L'IVELY: Bloody little cur, I'll skin you alive.

(The dog whimpers and backs away. Cecil and the dog look at the ground. A hand is sticking out.)

See? I'm the caretaker now.




SCENE 6
X-FILES OFFICE
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Mulder walks in and sees Scully sitting at the desk, reading a file.)

SCULLY: So, Sherlock, is the game afoot?

MULDER: I'm afraid so, Watson. But you're off the hook on this one.

(He closes the door. She takes off her glasses.)

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MULDER: I mean I'm not going to put you through this.

(He pulls a file out of the file cabinet and walks over to her.)

SCULLY: Put me through what?

MULDER: Phoebe's little mindgame.

SCULLY: What are you talking about?

MULDER: There's something else I haven't told you about myself, Scully.

(He sighs, kneels down and starts digging through the bottom drawer of another file cabinet.)

I hate fire. Hate it. Scared to death of it.

(He sighs again.)

When I was a kid, my best friend's house burned down. Had to spend the night in the rubble to keep away looters. For years, I had nightmares about being trapped in a burning building.

(He pulls out a file and stands up.)

SCULLY: Wait, and Phoebe knows about this?

MULDER: This is classic Phoebe Green. Mindgame player extraordinaire. Ten years it's taken me to forget about this woman, and she shows up in my life with a case like this.

SCULLY: So she shows up knowing the power she has over you and then she makes you walk through fire, is that it?

MULDER: Phoebe is fire.

SCULLY: Mulder? Are you sure you don't want me to help you out on this one?

MULDER: Sooner or later, a man's got to face his demons.

(He walks out.)




SCENE 7
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
(Lady Marsden lights the stove and fills the tea kettle with water. Outside, Cecil watches her through the window, breathing heavily. She takes two cups out and then goes to get the sugar. Cecil hears a coughing and looks over. He looks back at the window briefly, smiles, then walks back around the house to the garage, where the chauffeur is standing. The chauffeur is smoking and coughing harshly.)

L'IVELY: (with American accent) Hello. You're the Marsden's driver?

DRIVER: Who's that?

(They walk towards each other.)

L'IVELY: Bob. Caretaker.

(He smiles.)

DRIVER: Oh.

L'IVELY: Bum a smoke?

DRIVER: Yeah, sure.

(He hands "Bob" a cigarette, who promptly puts it behind his ear.)

L'IVELY: I'm going into town. Can I get you anything?

DRIVER: Yeah. (coughs) Some cough medicine if it's not a problem.

L'IVELY: Syrup or, uh... lozenges?

DRIVER: Syrup would be good.

(L'Ively smiles and starts walking.)

Can I give you some money?

(L'Ively makes a "forget-about-it" motion.)

I appreciate that.

(He coughs some more and throws the cigarette down.)




SCENE 8
HENNESEY'S BAR
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
(L'Ively pulls up a seat at the bar, putting a paper bag down, presumably with cough syrup in it. People can be heard murmuring, talking and laughing in the background. Cecil nods to the barkeep.)

L'IVELY: Beer?

(The barkeep nods. The woman two seats down looks at him, then moves into the seat next to him, beer in hand.)

WOMAN: They don't let you bring your own around here.

(L'Ively looks at the paper bag.)

L'IVELY: Well, I guess they'll just have to make an exception, won't they?

(She laughs.)

WOMAN: Oh, you're English. God, I just love that accent.

(She takes out a cig and a lighter. L'Ively holds the hand with the lighter.)

L'IVELY: Allow me.

WOMAN: And a gentleman to boot.

(He holds up a finger and moves it to the left of her. Her eyes follow it. He smirks and the tip of his finger lights.)

Oh my God. Now that is a trick.

(She laughs and turns around.)

Hey guys, take a look at this!

(She turns back around and Cecil's whole arm is on fire.)

L'IVELY: Care for a light?

(She gets up. He slams his fist down onto the bar, and all the spilt alcohol catches on fire. People start screaming and running out as he watches the fire dance on his arm.)




SCENE 9
BOSTON MERCY HOSPITAL
(Mulder and Phoebe walk into the waiting room.)

MULDER: I pulled this report off the wire last night. Eyewitnesses are saying that a customer in the bar caught fire but they're still looking for a body.

GREEN: Any indication an accelerant was used?

(He goes to the desk and signs a clipboard.)

MULDER: The bar's across the street from the fire station. It burned to the ground before they had a chance to even respond. The fire marshall said it burned so hot, it turned the concrete foundation into sponge cake. This was a woman who was in the bar.

(He knocks on a door labeled 28E. They open the door and walk in. The woman from the bar is lying on the bed.)

Hello?

WOMAN: Hello.

MULDER: Miss Kotchek?

WOMAN: Yes?

MULDER: I'm Special Agent Mulder from the F.B.I. This is Inspector Green.

(He closes the door and sits down next to her. Phoebe walks around to the other side.)

GREEN: Can you tell us what happened in the bar last night?

WOMAN: There was this guy. I'd had a few drinks, so... he sat next to me and he did this thing. It was like a magic trick where he lit his finger on fire.

(Green looks at Mulder, who takes notes.)

Next thing, I turned around and he was up in flames.

GREEN: Can you describe him?

WOMAN: Good looking, I think. Brownish hair.

MULDER: Long hair, short hair?

WOMAN: I've already given the police the information.

MULDER: Do you think you could work with a composite artist and come up with a sketch for us?

WOMAN: I said I had a few drinks...

MULDER: Can I get your full name and address?

WOMAN: See...

(He looks at her.)

I live with someone. He thinks I was at school last night.

MULDER: That's no problem. You can come down to the field office and work with somebody there. I'll give you a minute to think about it, okay?

(She nods. She sighs as Mulder and Green walk out.)

GREEN: Deftly done, Agent Mulder. Casually disregard her indiscretion. A firm but polite manner until she accedes to cooperate.

MULDER: It's a technique I refined in my relationship with you.

(He writes on his pad. She looks down at the desk.)

GREEN: Oh. Yes, well, I see you haven't lost your sense of humor after all.

(He looks at her.)

MULDER: I'm sorry, that was a cheap shot. I don't want to dredge up the past. Let's just stick to the case.

GREEN: Let's.

(She takes the pad from him and walks away a little. He walks over to her.)

MULDER: Look, Phoebe, I...

GREEN: Unless I'm mistaken, ten years seems like sufficient time to have forgiven, if not forgotten, a few youthful indiscretions.

MULDER: I'm cursed with a photographic memory.

GREEN: And don't you tell me that you've forgotten a certain youthful indiscretion. Atop Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's tombstone on a misty night in Windlesham.

(She smiles.)

MULDER: Like I said, just stick to the case.

GREEN: Well, it occurred to me that we're going to a lot of trouble to find a description of a man who, in all likelihood, as been burnt to a crisp.

MULDER: I would agree with you but they haven't found a body yet.

(He walks back into her room, followed by Green.)

So can we count on you?

WOMAN: Yeah, okay.

(Green hands Mulder a paper.)

I don't know if it matters but I remembered something else about the guy who caught fire. He had an English accent.

(The agents look at each other.)




SCENE 10
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
(The driver walks out of the bathroom, coughing and hacking. L'Ively, who is folding the sheets, looks at him, smiling.)

L'IVELY: Having a rough time, eh?

DRIVER: Yeah...

(He walks out. L'Ively looks at the open bottle of Pembroke's cough syrup sitting on the dresser.)

L'IVELY: Maybe it's the cough syrup.




SCENE 11
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully sits at her desk, taking notes. She opens up a folder and looks at some pictures of some burnt bodies. She starts typing up her profile on her laptop. We hear her as a voice-over as she does.)

SCULLY: After reviewing the files of the Scotland Yard arson murders, two points remain unexplained. One is the use of an untraceable accelerant. The other involves the victims. Since they all burned in the presence of family members in safe surroundings, this indicates unusually intimate access to the victims by the arsonist.




SCENE 12
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
("Bob" coats the swing with argotypoline as Jimmie and Michael run around the yard, laughing. Scully still speaks over the scene.)

SCULLY: The arsonist is most likely a male, less than twenty-five years of age. He will often act out of impulse, satisfying sexual urges or insecurities with destructive behavior, which compensates for his social inadequacies or maladjustment.

(L'Ively looks at the boys.)

L'IVELY: You boys want to see a magic trick?

JIMMIE: Okay!

(They run over to him.)

L'IVELY: What's your names?

MICHAEL: Michael and Jimmie.

L'IVELY: Doesn't he talk?

MICHAEL: Yes!

(The boys laugh, as well as L'Ively.)

What kind of a magic trick?

L'IVELY: Maybe I'd better not.

JIMMIE: Show us!

L'IVELY: Nah, you might tell your mom and dad.

MICHAEL: We won't tell.

L'IVELY: Really? Promise?

JIMMIE: We promise.

L'IVELY: Hope to die? Stick a needle in your eye?

(The boys laugh.)

Okay, boys. You've taken a solemn oath of trust that can't be broken. Except under penalty... of death.

(The boys laugh a little more. L'Ively takes out a cigarette.)

Watch...

(He holds it up, then sticks it in the other hand, which is a fist.

Is it in there?

JIMMIE: No!

(The boys laugh. L'Ively blows into his fist and opens it. The cigarette is gone.)

L'IVELY: Ah, you're too smart for me.

(He smiles.)

MICHAEL: Where did it go?

L'IVELY: Where did it go... where do you think it went, Jimmie?

JIMMIE: I don't know.

L'IVELY: Ah... I think I remember.

(He makes a fake surprised expression as he reaches over to his right ear with both hands.)

Ah... ah... ah... ha!

(He "pulls it out" of his ear. The cigarette is lit, and looks like it has been for a while. He puts it in his mouth and takes a puff.)

Ta-da!

(The boys laugh in amazement.)

MICHAEL: Do it again!

L'IVELY: You want me to do it again?

MICHAEL: Yes!

L'IVELY: Okay, we'll do it again.

(He takes it out of his mouth and exhales smoke.)




SCENE 13
ARSON LAB
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Agent Beatty is sitting at his desk, circling parts of a picture on his desk. Scully knocks on his open door.)

SCULLY: Agent Beatty?

(He looks up.)

BEATTY: Yes?

SCULLY: I'm Special Agent Dana Scully. Can I... steal a minute of your time?

BEATTY: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. Come in, sit down, come here. I'm just working on this Mafia torch job here.

(Scully walks over as Beatty takes off his glasses.)

SCULLY: I'm... working with Agent Mulder.

BEATTY: Oh, yeah, wild case. So, what can I do for you?

SCULLY: You mentioned that the arsonist might be using some kind of rocket fuel as an accelerant.

BEATTY: Yeah, well, that's just speculation. It still doesn't explain how he sets bodies on fire.

SCULLY: What if he got some of this fuel into some... hand cream or, uh...

BEATTY: Well, you've got to understand. Even the smallest amounts of this stuff can produce temperatures over 5,000 degrees. But I suppose it's not impossible. Extremely diluted. But you'd still have to find a way to ignite it.




SCENE 14
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
(L'Ively now has three cigarettes in his mouth. The middle one lights suddenly. The boys laugh and clap.)

JIMMIE: Wow! Isn't that a great trick?

L'IVELY: Now sit down.

(They sit down in front of him. He takes them out of his mouth.)

So... you guys ever smoked a cigarette?

MICHAEL: No, they're bad for you.

L'IVELY: Would you like to take a puff, Michael?

MICHAEL: No.

L'IVELY: Make a man out of you.

MICHAEL: I don't want to.

L'IVELY: Why don't you hold one for me?

(He holds out his hands. In front of Michael's face is two cigarettes, one between his index and middle, the other between his middle and ring fingers.)

How about you, Jimmie?

(He moves his hand in front of Jimmie's face.)

Huh, little man?

(He holds up the other cigarette. They stare at each other, L'Ively smiling. Jimmie goes to take the cigarette when his mother appears at the top of the hill.)

LADY MARSDEN: Jimmie! Michael!

(They run to her. L'Ively puts his cigarettes away.)

Hello. Hi, Bob.

(She waves. He stands.)

There you are. We've had a bit of bad news.

(She starts walking towards him, a child under each arm.)

Our driver has taken ill and we're due at a party in Boston this evening. Is there any chance that we can impose upon you to drive the family into town? We'd be more than happy to pay you for your time and certainly to put you out for the night.

(L'Ively shakes his head, smiling.)

L'IVELY: I'd be very happy to do it as a favor.

LADY MARSDEN: Well, good. Thank you. All right then, boys, let's go, Daddy's got lunch all ready.

(As they walk away, Cecil's face becomes grim. Scully's voice comes over as he watches Lady Marsden walk away.)

SCULLY: The arsonist is usually unmarried and prone to excessive fantasies about women or men who are inaccessible to him. Often, the setting of fires results from his cowardice and inability to develop a natural relationship.




SCENE 15
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Cut to Scully, typing at her laptop.)

SCULLY: His crimes are often very clever and elaborately planned. The suspicious nature of the fire last night strongly suggests the arsonist has followed Lord Marsden to the United States. A check of all recent immigrations in the northeastern area is underway. It has become not a matter of if, but when he will strike.

(A man walks in behind her and hands her a paper.)

MAN: Here's that immigration data you wanted.

SCULLY: Thank you.

MAN: You're welcome.

(He leaves.)




SCENE 16
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS
(Mulder and Green walk down a street, carrying umbrellas. It is raining.)

MULDER: Remember those reports I told you about, about people who could control and conduct fire, pyrokinetic?

GREEN: Faintly...

MULDER: I think this guy just sent us a message that he's far more exotic.

GREEN: I'd say so, I mean, he can set himself afire.

(Mulder laughs.)

What?

MULDER: I'm just not used to someone so quick to agree with me.

GREEN: Oh.

MULDER: What kind of protection does the family have?

GREEN: The driver's a very capable bodyguard.

MULDER: Well, he should look into getting a few additional men and limit public exposure.

(They reach their car.)

GREEN: Oh, they've got a party being held in their honor tonight in Boston. They're going to have to cancel.

MULDER: Unless you wanted to set a trap.

GREEN: I had thought of that. But we must be careful and discreet. The party's at 8:00 at the Venerable Plaza. I'll be traveling with the family so why don't you go on ahead and have a look around?

(Mulder nods and unlocks the door.)

Oh, and I've taken a room at the hotel for the night.

(He looks at her and sighs. She smirks and gets in the car as he folds up his umbrella.)




SCENE 17
VENABLE PLAZA HOTEL
5:16 P.M.
(A bellhop leads Mulder into his room, putting his bag down on the floor and his key on the dresser.)

MULDER: Thanks.

(He takes out a roll of bills and hands one to the bellhop. The bellhop nods.)

All right, thank you.

(The bellhop leaves. Mulder looks around the huge room, then puts his suitcase down on the bed. He sits down.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Scully's office. She's sitting at her desk, her computer on.)

SCULLY: It's Scully, where are you?

(Cut to hotel. Mulder stands.)

MULDER: I'm in Boston.

SCULLY: There's something I need to show you.

(Cut back to her office.)

I'm going to come up there.

(Cut to hotel.)

MULDER: What have you got?

SCULLY: I might have some information...

(Cut to her office.)

...on the identity of your arson suspect.

(Cut to the hotel. Mulder sighs and sits down on the bed. Cut to her office.)

You there, Mulder?

(Cut to the hotel.)

MULDER: Yeah, yeah...

(Cut to her office.)

SCULLY: Can I meet you somewhere?

(Back to the hotel.)

MULDER: No, it's just that I'm, I'm kind of anticipating having my hands full.

(Cut to Scully, who looks dismayed.)




SCENE 18
6:47 P.M.
(A limousine pulls up and a bellhop opens the door. The Marsdens get out. He then opens the front door and Phoebe gets out.)

MICHAEL: Jimmie, we're here!

BELLHOP: Good evening.

GREEN: Thank you.

(The Marsdens talk together intelligibly.)

BELLHOP: Excuse me, sir.

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Hello.

(The bellhop closes both doors as Green and the Marsdens scurry off. L'Ively, decked out in a tuxedo, gets out of the driver's side, watches them go, and sighs. Inside, Mulder leans up against a wall, drinking some champagne, as people walk by talking. He looks on as the Marsdens walk up the stairs, followed by Phoebe. He watches her walk by. Later, Mulder stands by himself in an empty room with a buffet table. The crowd can still be heard. He looks at his watch as Phoebe walks in. She walks over to him.)

GREEN: Enjoying yourself?

MULDER: Good food, witty conversation. I'm having the time of my life.

(Phoebe laughs.)

GREEN: I wondered if you'd think it's safe enough to indulge ourselves in a dance.

MULDER: It doesn't look like your arsonist is going to make an appearance.

GREEN: That doesn't mean there won't be any fires to put out.

(They start slow dancing.)

I've thought about you often.

(Scully walks down the hall and sees Mulder and Green dancing. She stops, rolls her eyes a little, and sighs. She looks at her watch, then turns to see L'Ively standing there, smiling. She tries to look away and sees Mulder and Green kissing. She tries to look away from that and sees that L'Ively is gone. She looks around for him and hears a beeping. She turns to see a control panel with a list of the floors and lights next to them, as well as two columns of lights to the right that are for smoke and fire, respectively. The light beeps next the 14th floor, as well as the two lights for smoke and fire for that floor. She runs over to Mulder and Phoebe.)

SCULLY: There's a fire upstairs.

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: On the fourteenth floor.

GREEN: That's where the children are.

(She runs off with Scully as Mulder runs down the hall that Scully came from. Upstairs, the fire dances it's way down the hallway. Mulder runs up the stairs as Scully runs past the crowd.)

SCULLY: We've got a fire on the fourteenth floor!

(A bellhop runs off and the crowd murmurs. Lady and Sir Marsden run out and watch her run off. Mulder reaches the door to the fourteenth floor, out of breath. He puts his hand on the door and closes his eyes, trying to control his fear. He takes a deep breath and opens the door. The hallway is covered with smoke and Mulder keeps close to the floor, coughing.)

MICHAEL: Help, help!

(The fire erupts out of the hallway and Mulder stands a little, then drops to his knees, not moving anymore. He coughs and starts to crawl back the other way. He coughs and wheezes, slumping against the wall as firemen start up the stairs. A man runs by carrying Michael and Jimmie. Two firemen stop at Mulder, who is nearly out.)

FIREMAN #1: Here we go, got one out. Come on, buddy, come on. Come on, here we go...

(They lift him to his feet and support him.)

And we go up!

FIREMAN #2: You got him?

FIREMAN #1: Yup, here we go...

(The first fireman puts Mulder's arm around him and helps him off. Downstairs, L'Ively comes out of the elevator with Michael and Jimmie as people watch on in awe.)

L'IVELY: Here we are.

(Lady and Sir Marsden run to their children. Everybody speaks at once, some patting L'Ively on the back.)

LADY MARSDEN: You saved their lives.

(Scully looks back to see the fireman coming out, Mulder being helped by one, wearing an oxygen mask. Scully goes over to him as he slumps down to the floor. She looks back and sees Phoebe shake L'Ively's hand.)

GREEN: Marvelous. Good job. Thank you.

(Scully puts her hand on Mulder's head, but he moves it off, coughing into the mask. Later, Mulder lies in bed with his shirt off, Scully sitting on the bed. Mulder continues coughing and Scully hands him a glass of water, which he drinks.)

SCULLY: You were really out.

MULDER: Where's Phoebe?

SCULLY: She's down the hall.

(Mulder sighs.)

MULDER: How about the kids?

SCULLY: Okay, the doctor checked them out.

(Mulder gets up, wearing only black boxers, picks up his robe and starts towards the bathroom.)

What happened to you up there?

MULDER: I panicked. I couldn't move, Scully.

SCULLY: It could've happened to anyone.

MULDER: Yeah, but it happened to me. I hared out. Plain and simple.

(He goes into the bathroom as Phoebe walks in behind Scully.)

SCULLY: What do you know about this guy that saved the kids? The driver?

GREEN: I checked him out prior to the Marsdens' arrival.

(Scully stands and looks at her as she closes the door.)

He's worked on the property for eight years. No record. His references checked out. They were lucky he was here tonight.

SCULLY: Who was watching the kids tonight?

GREEN: He was.

SCULLY: Are you sure? I could have sworn I saw him down in the hallway about the same time that the fire broke out.

(Mulder walks out of the bathroom wearing a robe.)

GREEN: He couldn't have. Anyway, the man we're looking for is English.

MULDER: Hey.

(They looks at him. He closes his robe.)

GREEN: I came to see if you were okay.

MULDER: How are the kids?

GREEN: They're fine. Everybody's anxious to get back.

MULDER: To the cape?

GREEN: Only to pack. They've, uh, made travel arrangements to return to England the day after tomorrow.

MULDER: And you?

GREEN: I'll be leaving in a few days.

(Mulder nods.)

Look, I'll give you a ring back at the Bureau before I leave.

MULDER: Right.

(Phoebe walks to the door and looks at Scully.)

GREEN: Goodbye.

(She leaves. Mulder goes to sit down on the couch.)

SCULLY: You all right?

(He sits and puts his feet up on the table.)

MULDER: Yeah.

SCULLY: You at all interested in what I came up here to show you?

MULDER: Yeah.

(She sits down across from him and unlocks her briefcase.)

SCULLY: Well, I did a little checking of my own. I didn't know a whole lot about arson or arsonists so I took the opportunity... for my own edification, of course.

(He smiles. She pulls a paper out of her briefcase and gives it to Mulder.)

I ran a profile of possible incendiary fuels and accelerants that could have been used in the crimes.

(The list says "Representative Liquid Propelant Fuels" at the top and lists a number of fuels, their densities and heat of concentration. The fuels are: Argotypoline, Ammonia (Liquid), Ballium, Beryllium, Boron, Carbon (qr), Decarbonate and a few others.)

I also took the liberty of running a search through Interpol of all the gardeners, manservants and domestic help that were hired by the murder victims at the time of their death.

(She hands him that list.)

MULDER: And?

SCULLY: And these people probably don't even tie their own shoes. There were over two-hundred names. And not a duplicate. Except one. A "Cecil L'Ively." He worked as a gardener for two of the victims.

MULDER: What did you find on him?

SCULLY: Nothing.

MULDER: So he's clean.

SCULLY: Apparently, he was question by Scotland Yard and they released him but I dug a little further. Cecil L'Ively is a documented citizen of Great Britain, paid his taxes, never been on the dole, a model citizen until he died in 1971 in a London tenement fire.

(He looks at her strangely.)

I know, that's what I thought. So, I checked a little further. Cecil L'Ively, spelled "L apostrophe," came up again. In fact, it came up twice. First, on a list of death certificates listed among a group of children who died in ritual sacrifice by a satanic cult in 1963 in the Toddingham Woods outside Bath, England.

MULDER: Where else did you find him?

SCULLY: You're going to love this. On a list of recent visas issued by the British government. Cecil L'Ively's passport was stamped by U.S. immigration officials two weeks ago at the port of entry in Boston.

(Mulder looks around, stands and takes off his robe.)

MULDER: Call the local field office in Boston of the F.B.I. and get them to fax to you the composite that the witness did of the man who burned down the bar and then get them to fax it to every local law enforcement agency in the area.

(He picks up his suit.)

SCULLY: What are you going to do?

MULDER: I'm going to try and catch Phoebe, this guy could be waiting for them in Cape Cod.

(He runs into the bathroom. Later, Scully is on the phone. She looks at her watch.)

SCULLY: Yes, this is Special Agent Scully. I've been waiting on hold for you guys to fax me a composite of an arson suspect. Right. Hang on a second.

(A whirring starts.)

It's coming through. Thanks.

(She looks down at the fax machine and a composite comes out of Cecil L'Ively.)

Oh my God. It's the driver.

(Scully takes out her phone and, looking at the picture, dials Mulder's number.)

CELLULAR PHONE MESSAGE: We're sorry. The cellular customer you are trying to reach is out of the area.

(She hangs up and stares at L'Ively's picture.)




SCENE 19
CAPE COD, MASSACHUSETTS
(L'Ively watches from his window, smoking, as Mulder pulls up. Mulder runs in the front door and finds he has interrupted an embrace between Green and Marsden on the stairs. They pull away from each other, and Marsden clears his throat.)

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Excuse me.

(He walks up the stairs. Phoebe walks tentatively to Mulder.)

MULDER: His name is Cecil L'Ively.

GREEN: Who?

MULDER: Your arsonist. Where's the rest of the family?

GREEN: They went outside for a walk.

MULDER: Well, go find them. We've got to get them packed and get them out of here.

(She looks at him, then walks away. Outside, she brings the children and Lady Marsden back to the house. The children whine and complain.)

GREEN: Come on, we have to hurry... let's go. Come on, this way.

(Cecil watches them run into the house, all murmuring. He smiles and walks up the stairs past Lady Marsden's portrait. Later, a knock on the door. Mulder opens it and Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: It's the driver.

MULDER: I know. He disappeared.

SCULLY: What's the matter?

MULDER: Nothing, um... I found this out in the garage.

(He hands her the can of argotypoline.)

It's been very hard on the family.

(Phoebe and Sir and Lady Marsden run down the stairs.)

GREEN: Did you get the composite?

SCULLY: Yes.

LADY MARSDEN: I don't believe it, I can't believe it. He's worked for us for over ten years.

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Well, obviously there's been some type of mistake.

(Scully hands him the rendition of L'Ively.)

Oh...

LADY MARSDEN: Oh my God!

MALCOLM MARSDEN: This isn't the driver, it's the caretaker!

LADY MARSDEN: And he's upstairs with the children!

(Mulder looks up the stairs. Sitting on a dresser is the bottle of Pembroke's cough syrup. Scully walks past the room.)

SCULLY: Michael?

(Mulder walks in.)

MULDER: Michael? Jimmie?

(He looks at the cough syrup as Scully walks in. He opens the bathroom door and they see a charred husk of the driver, kneeling over the toilet as if he was vomiting when he died.)

It looks like we found the missing driver.

(Phoebe calls from down the hall.)

GREEN: Mulder! In here, quickly!

(They run in and see the other three looking at the drapes, which has caught fire.)

LADY MARSDEN: What's going on?

GREEN: They just went up all by themselves.

(Mulder looks around for something when the painting hanging over the bed behind him erupts in flames.)

MALCOLM MARSDEN: My God!

(Mulder takes a sheet and tries in vain to put out the fires. The bed then starts burning. Phoebe and Lady Marsden scream a little.)

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Oh my God...

MULDER: Everybody out!

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Let's go, get out...

(They run out, Mulder closing the door behind him. Malcolm grabs his wife's hand.)

MULDER: I think he rigged the whole house.

LADY MARSDEN: Oh God...

(She runs into her husbands arms. Mulder smells the sheet he's carrying.)

MULDER: It's fuel.

(Mulder drops it as it catches fire.)

LADY MARSDEN: What?

GREEN: Oh my God...

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Go, go...

(They start running down the hall.)

SCULLY: Quick, come on...

(They run down the stairs, coughing.)

MULDER: Scully, see if you can find a fire extinguisher. Everybody else, outside.

(Scully walks off to get one.)

LADY MARSDEN: But what about the children?

(They hear a banging on a door and the dog barking.)

MULDER: I'll take care of the children. Go!

(The Marsdens walk out. Phoebe grabs Mulder's arm.)

GREEN: Are you going to be okay, Mulder?

MULDER: Oh yeah. I'll be fine. There's no place I'd rather be.

(He takes out his gun and runs up the stairs. Phoebe leaves the house. He looks around down the hallway then walks slowly, the only sound his footsteps. He passes a few doors and hears some noise in one. The dog barks inside the room. He tries the doorknob, but it is locked.)

MULDER: Michael? Jimmie?

MICHAEL: Help...

(The children can be heard coughing. Mulder hits the door with his shoulder a few times. Behind him, at the end of the hallway, appears L'Ively.)

L'IVELY: Time to call 911.

(Mulder spins around and points his gun at him in one fluid motion.)

MULDER: Don't move!

(L'Ively raises his hands and snaps his fingers with the left one. The hallway literally explodes in flames, the paintings catching fire one by one down the hall. The fire rises to the ceiling as Mulder stares in awe. Mulder jumps backwards to the ground as the paintings where he was standing burst into flames as well. As the flames cover the ceiling, L'Ively turns and starts down the stairs only to see Scully standing at the bottom, pointing her gun.)

SCULLY: Freeze! Federal agent.

L'IVELY: You won't shoot me.

(He starts walking towards her.)

SCULLY: Stay right where you are.

(L'Ively jumps down a stair.)

L'IVELY: See? Cause you don't know the spark from that round won't blow this whole house to kingdom come.

(L'Ively slowly walks. Scully squeezes the trigger. L'Ively smiles as Scully backs away slowly. His face suddenly turns serious. Green turns the corner from the other room and splashes the accelerant in his face. L'Ively staggers back.)

GREEN: Back off the gun! It's the accelerant!

L'IVELY: No!

(L'Ively staggers and spins out the door. Mulder stares at the fire while the boys scream. He takes a deep breath and starts moving slowly, staying very low to the ground, hands on the walls. He lets out a slight scream in pain and winces, pulling back his hand when he touches a hot part of the wall. He rams his elbow into the door twice, knocking it open the second time. L'Ively staggers out onto the lawn, trying to shake the feeling of the accelerant away. Mulder runs out the door carrying Michael and Jimmie.)

LADY MARSDEN: Oh Michael! Jimmie!

MALCOLM MARSDEN: Michael! Jimmie! Thank God, thank God!

(The boys run into their parents' arms. L'Ively stops and turns back to the house. He laughs insanely as he bursts into flame.)

L'IVELY: You can't kill me!

(Scully slowly lowers her gun as they all watch him spin around, laughing.)

L'IVELY: You can't fight fire with fire!

(He finally stops laughing as he falls to the ground, his body burning.)




SCENE 20
X-FILES OFFICE
FBI HEADQUARTERS
(Mulder sits at his desk, wearing glasses, thinking.)

SCULLY: (with English accent) Care to take me to lunch?

(Mulder looks back to see Scully at the door, smiling.)

Scare you?

MULDER: You have no idea.

SCULLY: Where is Phoebe?

(She sits down on the desk.)

MULDER: I don't know.

SCULLY: You don't know? She didn't call?

MULDER: No. She did messenger this to me last night though.

(He holds up a tape.)

SCULLY: Did you play it?

MULDER: No.

(He looks at it.)

SCULLY: Why not? Aren't you curious what's on it?

MULDER: Ten-to-one, you can't dance to it.

(He gets up.)




SCENE 21
BOSTON MERCY HOSPITAL
(Scully does a voice-over of her report as a nurse walks into an enclosed room.)

SCULLY: X-File number 11214893. Addendum to the file opened by Special Agent Mulder. The arson suspect Cecil L'Ively was admitted to Boston Mercy Hospital with fifth and sixth-degree burns over his entire body. Military burn specialists have been brought in to study the case which they're calling "extraordinary."

(Cut to Scully typing on her laptop.)

Not only for the fact that the suspect survived, but for the rapid regeneration of his basal cell tissue. Full recovery is anticipated in as little as a month.

(Cut back to the hospital. A man unlocks a door for the nurse.)

L'Ively is being held in a high-security medical facility...

GUARD: There you go.

NURSE: Thank you.

(She walks in.)

SCULLY: ...confined to a hyperbaric chamber until he can be tried on murder charges in the death of a Massachusetts caretaker. His body temperature remains at a steady 109 degrees.

(The nurse bends down and adjusts a control on the hyperbaric chamber.)

House technicians have removed everything flammable from his room due to several fires which have broken out in the vicinity. According to Agent Mulder, further incarceration remains a problem for federal penal authorities.

(The nurse walks around the chamber and looks into the glass casing in the front. L'Ively is laying there, his head visible. His face is charred almost completely black. He has no hair.)

NURSE: Can I get you anything, sir?

(L'Ively's eyes pop open. He looks around, then turns and looks at her.)

L'IVELY: I'm just dying for a cigarette.

(He licks his lips a little, staring at the nurse.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
SCULLY'S HOUSE; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(William Scully walks over to a small Christmas tree with an angel ornament on top.)

WILLIAM SCULLY: Are you going to leave this up all year?

SCULLY: Yup. All year. Since you always made us take the Christmas tree down the day after Christmas, I'm making up for lost time.

(She starts piling plates on the kitchen table.)

WILLIAM SCULLY: If your idea of a good time is picking up dried pine needles, treat yourself.

MARGARET SCULLY: As if he's an authority on having a good time.

(She walks over, carrying plates from the dinner table. William crosses over to beside Scully.)

SCULLY: That's okay, Mom, I got that.

MARGARET SCULLY: Oh, okay.

WILLIAM SCULLY: Okay, Maggie, let's shove off.

MARGARET SCULLY: Oh, okay.

(She puts the plate down and goes over to Scully. She hugs her.)

Well, thank you for having us. Dinner was delicious as usual.

SCULLY: Thanks, Mom.

(Scully walks over to her father and salutes.)

Good sailing, Ahab.

(He hugs her.)

WILLIAM SCULLY: Goodnight, Starbuck.

(Margaret gives William an urging look as if to ask his daughter a question.)

How's work? Good?

SCULLY: Yup. It's good.

WILLIAM SCULLY: Well...

(William and Margaret cross over to the coatrack by the door and put on their coats. Scully throws down the napkin in her hand onto the table and walks over.)

SCULLY: Well, drive carefully.

MARGARET SCULLY: Uh-huh.

(Scully unlocks the door and kisses her mother goodbye.)

SCULLY: Goodnight, Daddy.

(The parents walk out. She watches them go, then closes the door. Later. It is now 1:47. On TV, a man is talking on an informercial under his picture, it says:

"Ron Popeil
Inventor")

RON POPEIL ON TV: Here on Incredible Inventions though, you're not going to spend 110 dollars for it. You all know that. You're not even going to spend a hundred dollars.

(The caption changes to:

" Approximate One Month Supply
Time May Vary Depending On Frequency
of Use or Size of Area to be Covered")

There's an approximate one-month supply here...

(They show two videos, one in the upper right, the other in the lower left, of "hair" being sprayed onto bald people's heads. In the upper left it reads "Only $39.92.")

And all you'll spend for this entire package is just 39 dollars and 92 cents.

(There is applause and cheering. Scully is sleeping on the couch, a blanket draped over her.
Her eyes open.)

WOMAN ON TV: Mr. Johnson?

RON POPEIL ON TV: Yes?

(Scully sees her father sitting in a chair in front of her, blue light shining down on him. His mouth is moving but no words are coming out.)

WOMAN ON TV: I was kind of interested that Allen used a blond and I hadn't seen anyone use a blond.

SCULLY: Dad? I thought you guys left.

(She sits up.)

Where's Mom?

(There is no answer. He is talking but making no noise. The phone rings, startling her. She looks back at the phone, then to her father. The chair is empty. Scully is very confused as the phone rings again. She gets up, blanket still covering her, and starts walking to the phone. It rings twice more before she picks it up.)

Hello.

(There is no answer except for some muffled crying.)

Hello?

MARGARET SCULLY: Dana?

SCULLY: Mom? What's the matter?

MARGARET SCULLY: We, um... we lost your dad. He had a... a massive coronary... about an hour ago. He... he's gone.

(Scully looks back to where she saw her father sitting. The chair is still empty.)




SCENE 2
JACKSON UNIVERSITY; NORTH CAROLINA
(A teenage boy and girl are making out in a car on the side of the road.)

GIRL: I swear, Christmas Day... my whole family's opening presents and all and I'm just sitting there in my own little world, thinking "I just wish Jim were here."

BOY: Hmmm, I know.

(There is a knock on the window. They look at the window as a flashlight shines through. A police officer, Lucas Henry, is standing there.)

Oh man, busted.

(She gets off of him as he wipes his lips. He rolls down the window.)

Yes, sir?

HENRY: Out of the vehicle, please.

BOY: We're sorry, sir. We'll be on our way.

HENRY: I said, out of the vehicle

(The boy looks at the girl, rolls up the window and gets out of the car. He can't make out the officer's face because the light is shining in his face. He raises his hand to deflect the light.)

Keep your hands down. Let's see some ID.

(The boy looks down and sees that the "officer" is wearing jeans and boots.)

BOY: No, not till I see yours.

(Henry hits the boy in the face with the flashlight. The girl screams as the boy's face slams into the window and slides down, leaving a trail of blood.)




SCENE 3
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is reading a file. Scully sneaks up behind him and looks over his shoulder.)

SCULLY: Last time you were that engrossed, it turned out you were reading the Adult Video News.

MULDER: I didn't think you'd be in today. How are you, Dana?

SCULLY: "Dana." I'm fine, thank you. What are you working on?

MULDER: Two days ago, a couple was kidnapped at Jackson University. Elizabeth Hawley and James Summers, both 19.

(Mulder shows her a picture of the couple.)

Last year, another couple was kidnapped to the day except that abduction occured at Duke University. One week later, they found both students' bodies dead.

(Scully looks over the file.)

SCULLY: They were kept alive, tortured through that period.

MULDER: No arrests were ever made. Police believed it to be a one-time offender but now it appears to be a serial incident. Anyway, if he holds true to form, we have five days to find those kids.

SCULLY: That's a grim deadline.

MULDER: Well, here's another grim deadline.

(He reaches over and picks up a folder off a desk. He gives it to her.)

In one week, Luther Lee Boggs will take a seat in the North Carolina gas chamber.

SCULLY: How is he related?

MULDER: He claims to have information relating to the kidnapping. He described Hawley's bracelet down to the last detail. This is information that only family members could have known.

SCULLY: Or the kidnapper.

MULDER: Boggs feels that if his talents help save these kids then his sentence should be reduced to life in prison.

SCULLY: His talents?

MULDER: He claims to have obtained this information through psychic transmission.

(He goes over and sits at his desk.)

SCULLY: Mulder, do I detect a hint of skepticism?

MULDER: Perhaps.

(She sits down opposite him.)

Boggs has been there before... in the chamber. My profile helped send him there. He was actually strapped to the chair before recieving an executive stay. He claims that this experience activated in him the ability to channel spirits and demons. I believe in psychic ability, without a doubt, but not
in this case. Not Boggs.

SCULLY: So you believe that Boggs is orchestrating the kidnapping from the inside.
A scam to save his life?

(Mulder nods. He hands her a file.)

MULDER: At the age of six, Luther Boggs slaughtered every pet animal in his housing project. When he was thirty, he strangled five family members over Thanksgiving dinner and then sat down to watch the fourth quarter of the Detroit - Green Bay game. Some killers are projects of society. Some act out past abuses. Boggs kills because he likes it.

SCULLY: And they've requested you speak with him?

(Mulder gets up.)

MULDER: Actually, he's requested to speak to me.

SCULLY: Why you?

(He puts his gun in his holster.)

MULDER: He read my profile on him and he believes I'm the only one who truly understands what he is. Anyway, I leave for Raleigh this afternoon.

SCULLY: I'll go with you.

(She stands.)

The funeral's at noon.

MULDER: I think you should take some time.

SCULLY: I need to work.

MULDER: I'm sorry about your father.

(He puts his hand on her cheek. She nods. He starts out.)

I'll see you later.

SCULLY: (whispering) Okay.

(Mulder takes his coat and leaves. Scully goes to the file cabinet and pulls out a file that reads:

"Federal Bureau
of
Investigation

DC-X-167512

Visionary Encounters
w/ The Dead"

She puts hit back in the drawer and slams it shut.)




SCENE 4
WILLIAM SCULLY'S FUNERAL
(A man stands on a dock and dumps out William Scully's ashes into the air as Beyond the Sea plays loudly. On the shore stands Scully's family. Dana is standing next to her mother.)

SCULLY: As a captain, he was entitled to burial at Arlington with full ceremony.

MARGARET SCULLY: This is exactly how he wanted it. Just the family.

(There is an uncomfortable pause. The man dumping out the ashes holds up the empty urn and takes off his hat.)

This song was playing when his ship returned from the Cuban Blockade. He marched right off up to me... and he proposed.

(She starts to cry.)

SCULLY: I know that you and Dad were... disappointed that I chose the path I'm on instead of medicine but I need to know... was he at all proud of me?

MARGARET SCULLY: He was your father.

(A seagull cries out.)




SCENE 5
CENTRAL PRISON; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(Luther Lee Boggs sits in a chair, handcuffs on. On his left hand, the word "Kiss" is written on his knuckles. On the right, the word "Kill.")

BOGGS: The soul of Luther Boggs drowns in hell's sea of fire. We have him now.

(Scully is sitting, Mulder is standing.)

MULDER: We? You mean the souls of your victims?

BOGGS: The dead. The living. All souls are connected.

MULDER: And you're the conduit?

(Mulder sits. Boggs' breathing becomes labored. His whole speech and movement pattern changes to a more womanly tone.)

BOGGS: Uh... Dana... Fox... please understand that from here, we can return to the past.
We can see the present. We can know the future.

MULDER: From here? Where exactly are you?

(Boggs' mood changes back to the previous one.)

BOGGS: Mr. Boggs must be made redemptive for his transgressions.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: That's exactly what the state of North Carolina intends to do next week.

(Boggs' tone and movement becomes more of a Brooklyn man.)

BOGGS: No. Uh-uh. Let's deal. Boggs' life for the kids, you know what I'm saying?

MULDER: First you've got to prove you're telling the truth.

(Boggs looks at him warily. Mulder pulls a small package out of his pocket.)

Don't get me wrong, Luther. I want to believe.

(He pulls a piece of blue cloth out of the bag, which Boggs takes. Boggs' breathing becomes heavier as he rubs the cloth between his hands, bringing it up to his mouth.)

BOGGS: Oh... ah... oh, God, no. Must stop. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop!
Pain! I'm in... pain, terrible pain...

(Mulder sits on the table, smiling slightly.)

Uh... the boy, uh, Jim... he's tied with twine. Uh, packing twine.

(He holds his wrists out. He begins spouting short screams, holding the cloth to his face, fists clenched.)

Uh, he, he whip, he whips them with a, a coat hanger, a wire coat hanger. Oh.

(His breathing becomes labored as he looks up at Mulder with wild eyes.)

Dark place. Cold. Cellar. Warehouse, condemned. An angel... of stone. Waterfall. Water falling. It's, it's not a waterfall. Not water. They're there. Oh, God. I got to go. I got to go. I, I got to go.

(He slumps down in his chair. Mulder walks over slowly and kneels down in front of his face.
He takes the cloth out of his hand and holds it up.)

MULDER: I tore this off my New York Knicks t-shirt. It has nothing to do with the crime.

(He gets up and leaves. Scully picks up her briefcase and starts out.)

BOGGS: (singing) Somewhere... beyond the sea...

(She stops.)

Somewhere... waiting for me...

(She turns around. Boggs looks up. In her eyes, he is replaced by William Scully. She backs away a little, startled, in emotional pain, eyes closed. She opens them and looks at Boggs, who is back to normal. His tone has now assumed that of William Scully's.)

Did you get my message, Starbuck?

(Scully rushes out past Mulder, who is talking to a security guard.)

GUARD: Alright, thanks a lot.

(The guard goes back in his booth. Scully stops at the door. Mulder looks at her. She slowly turns around.)

MULDER: Scully, what's wrong? Did Boggs say something to you?

SCULLY: No. It's my father. I'm sorry, I'm sorry...

MULDER: It's alright. Why don't you go back to the motel? We've exposed Boggs as a fraud. Boggs is not what he claims to be. He may be orchestrating the kidnapping. Now he knows that we're on to him, he doesn't have a chance with this charade. I'm going to wait around a couple of hours and try to interrogate him. Hopefully, he'll tell me where the kids are.

(Boggs walks out behind them, a security guard on each side leading him back to his cell.)

BOGGS: (singing) Somewhere... beyond the shore... we'll kiss just as before... happy we'll be... beyond the sea...

(The door opens and Scully rushes out.)

And never again...




SCENE 6
NORTH CAROLINA
(Scully sits in her car. She comes to a red light and closes her eyes, remembering what Boggs said.)

BOGGS: (flashback) Water falling. It's, it's not a waterfall.

(A honking car snaps her out of it. She opens her eyes and sees Hotel Niagara, a hotel with a sign that has a waterfall behind the letters. In her mind, she sees Boggs again.)

An angel of stone.

(She looks to her left and sees a stone statue of an angel holding another in it's arms, wings spread. Scully makes a sharp right turn and pulls into an alley. She stops the car at a door, which has a condemned sign on it. She walks in to the room, which is very quiet, except for water dripping. Two pigeons fly off and she is startled. She shines the flashlight on the ground and sees various candles and a beer bottle. Bending over, she picks up a small bracelet on the floor. She holds it up to the candle and looks at it, but something catches her eye. She looks across the floor and sees several wire coat hangers.)




SCENE 7
SCULLY'S MOTEL ROOM
(Scully sits in her chair. She sees another vision of her father, sitting across from her, speaking to her with no words. There is a knock at the door.)

MULDER: It's Mulder.

(She gets up to answer the door. No one is in that chair across from her. She opens the door.)

I just heard that Liz Hawley's family made a positive ID on the charm you found at the warehouse. The police are searching that place inch-by-inch but they haven't been able to find anything yet. I expected to find you at the crime scene.

(Scully goes over and puts the chairs away. Mulder comes in.)

SCULLY: Did Boggs confess?

MULDER: No, no, just five hours of Boggs' channeling. After three hours, I asked him to summon up the soul of Jimi Hendrix and requested "All Along the Watchtower." You know the guy's been dead for twenty years and he still hasn't lost his edge.

SCULLY: I lied to the police about how I found the warehouse. I didn't notice any suspicious activities.

MULDER: Then how did you find it?

SCULLY: It was where Boggs said it would be.

MULDER: Scully, I told you about Boggs...

SCULLY: I didn't go looking for it! I came across an area that had landmarks he spoke of...

MULDER: That doesn't matter! That's exactly what Boggs wanted! He could have been setting you up! You could be dead right now! Why did you lie in your police report?

SCULLY: I thought it would be a better explanation under the circumstances.

MULDER: What you're really saying is that you didn't want to go on record admitting that you believed in Boggs! The bureau would expect something like that from "Spooky" Mulder, but not Dana Scully.

SCULLY: I thought that you'd be pleased that I opened myself to extreme possibilities.

MULDER: Why now? After all we've seen, why Boggs?

(Mulder sits down.)

Does this have to do with your father?

(She shakes her head.)

You said that he didn't approve of you becoming an FBI agent. Now, if being on the job now makes you feel guilty or uncomfortable or uneasy, I think you should back away because if it's clouding your judgement, you're putting yourself in danger.

SCULLY: I love this job.

MULDER: You love your father.

(About to cry she walks to the other side of the room.)

Dana... open yourself up to extreme possibilities only when they're the truth. That goes for Luther Boggs... and your father. As for Luther Boggs, he's the greatest of lies.

(He stands up and goes to her. They both sit down.)

I know he's working with someone on the outside and they planted that evidence. Now, we have to be very careful about planning our next move because he's five steps ahead. The one advantage we have is time.

(He holds up a newspaper. An article at the bottom has the headline "Gas Chamber Tested for Boggs' Execution.")




SCENE 8
CENTRAL PRISON; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(Scully sits at a desk, looking at her watch. Mulder comes over and puts a paper down in front of her.)

MULDER: Scully, look at this.

(The headline reads "Kidnapped College Students Found Safe." Under that, it reads "Police seek suspect.")

SCULLY: Incredible! They found them?

MULDER: That's exactly what I want Boggs to think.

(He sits down.)

SCULLY: I don't understand, why didn't the police notify us?

MULDER: They haven't been found, the article is bogus. The Carolinian made this one up just for us, only six people know about it. Later on today, Boggs gets his weekly phone priviliges. Hopefully, he'll call his accomplice to find out what happened.

(We see the small slot to Boggs' door open and a hand puts down the fake newspaper. Through the slot, we see Boggs get off his bed and pick up the newspaper. The slot closes. Mulder looks at a camera into Boggs' room, seeing Boggs sit down on his cot and read, and then his watch. Scully sits behind him.)

Phone privilige is in two hours.

(Boggs is lead down the hall by two security guards. Mulder, Scully, some security guards and some suit-and-ties watch as he is lead into a room with a phone. Boggs runs his hands through his hair then picks up the phone and starts dialing. Scully leans over to the man next to her.)

SCULLY: Go.

(The man starts the tape recorder. Boggs looks directly at the camera as he puts the phone to his ear. In the security room, a phone starts ringing.)

MULDER: Turn off that phone. Turn it off.

(They all look for the phone until Scully sees Mulder's jacket.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's you.

(Mulder reaches into his coat pocket, pulls out his cell phone, pulls up the antenna, pushes a button, and puts it to his ear.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Boggs is on the other end.)

BOGGS: (through phone) How come you don't believe me?

(Mulder looks at the monitor. Boggs is looking right back at him.)

Agent Scully believes me.

MULDER: Agent Scully believes what we all believe. That you have the kids. Now where are they?

(Boggs drops the phone and moans. Scully stands.)

SCULLY: Mulder... even if he is setting us up, we have to follow because in three days...

MULDER: Liz Hawley and Jim Summers will be dead.

SCULLY: And then a day later, our only connection to the case will be pulling up a chair at the gas chamber.

(In the monitor, Boggs is breathing heavy and labored.)

We have to deal.

(In the interrogation room before, Boggs sits in the same chair. His breathing is heavy. Mulder sits across from him.)

BOGGS: The kidnapper is aroused by the prospect of becoming a killer.

MULDER: What's the name?

BOGGS: Can't see... male...

MULDER: Describe him.

BOGGS: Small... thin... late twenties... skull...

(Flashes quickly to Henry's skull earring.)

Human skull...

(Flashes again to Henry's earring.)

Silver gray... his eyes, cold, very cold...

(Flashes to Henry whipping his head and facing the camera. His eyes are blue and look dead.)

Staring at Elizabeth...

(On the ground, Elizabeth is tied up and gagged, struggling at her bonds.
Boggs grimaces and chokes on his words.)

God, he's got the wire...

(Henry bends the wire coat hanger, thinning it out.)

No... please, no...

(Henry finishes thinning it and whips it down. Boggs reacts as if he was struck himself. We now see Scully is sitting in the back.)

MULDER: Where is he?

BOGGS: He's over... over... by the window...

(We see Henry looking down at a desk next to a hole in the wall. In the back, we see Elizabeth. Henry slowly looks up.)

Holding back... holding back his thoughts of killing us... waiting... there's a small boathouse on Lake Jordan.

(Mulder looks back at Scully, who writes it down in her notepad.)

MULDER: Did you get that?

(Scully closes her notepad and puts it and her pen away. She and Mulder get up. A buzz is heard and the door opens. They start to walk out.)

BOGGS: Mulder...

(They turn back.)

Don't go near the white cross. We see you down... and your blood spills on the white cross.

(They walk out.)




SCENE 9
BOATHOUSE; LAKE JORDAN, RALEIGH, CAROLINA
(Henry walks towards Jim and Elizabeth, whipping his leg with the coat hanger. Michael and Elizabeth scream with every whip. Jim is tied to a pole and gagged. Henry bends down to Elizabeth and raises the coat hanger to strike her.)

ELIZABETH: (muffled) No, no, no, no, no more...

(A bang is heard and Henry looks up. Outside, agents surround the boathouse. Scully and Mulder lead the way as a team of FBI agents go to the main door. An agent kicks down the door and they all run in.)

AGENT: Do you see anything?

2ND AGENT: Negative.

(Scully and Mulder see Elizabeth on the floor. Scully runs over to check her.)

SCULLY: Sweep the docks!

(While the agents start filing out, Mulder checks down a passage way. He shines his flashlight with his gun right above. As he approaches the back, we see more visibly a giant white cross. Hearing a noise, he turns around. Across the water hangs some sheets draped over a line. He sees some rustling and points his gun.)

MULDER: Federal agent!

(A gunshot goes off through the drape and hits Mulder. Mulder screams and falls. Scully hears the shot.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(Henry, draped in the sheets, drives off in a motorboat. Scully rushes to Mulder's side. We hear agents shouting orders to each other illegibly.)

AGENT: Get in there, now!

SCULLY: We need an ambulance... officer down!

(She undoes her coat, takes it off and drapes it over Mulder. Turning around quickly, she sees a giant white cross towering over them. Mulder's blood is on it.)




SCENE 10
HOSPITAL; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(Two men wheel Mulder into an emergency room. Mulder is wearing an oxygen mask.)

PARAMEDIC: What do we got?

DOCTOR: Through and through upper femur...

NURSE: Can't palpate a radial pulse...

DOCTOR: Okay, I want a B.P. on this stat... get him on the gurney.

PARAMEDIC: One, two, three...

(The paramedics lift him off the wheeler and onto the gurney. Mulder coughs and shakes. Scully walks in.)

NURSE: Blood pressure is 67 on palpatation.

DOCTOR: Okay, tighten him and screen him for six, I want two liters of normal saline in him now and give him two units of o-neg after the typing. Let's transfer now.




SCENE 11
ELIZABETH HAWLEY'S HOSPITAL BED
(Elizabeth is looking at pictures of different criminals. Scully is standing next to the bed as a man flips the cards for her. She looks at the first one.)

ELIZABETH: No.

(He flips to the next one.)

No.

(The next one.)

No.

(He flips to the next one and she looks away. The man gives the picture to Scully, and another man reads from a file.)

MAN: Lucas Jackson Henry, 28. Did some time at Angola in Louisiana for sexual assault, narcotics, nothing big, really. His personal history includes being witness to an auto accident in which his high school sweetheart was killed and his mother was decaptiated.

(He hands her the file. She looks at the profiles.)

The seven year anniversary of that accident is in three days.

SCULLY: He's reliving it. That would explain the deadline.

(She walks over to the window.)

MAN: The most important element we found is that there's substantial suspicion that Luther Lee Boggs' last five murders were commited with a partner. Now, the police up in Durham say they could never prove it in court but they know that partner was Lucas Henry.




SCENE 12
CENTRAL PRISON; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(A buzz sounds and the door opens to the same room as before. A security guard walks out as Scully marches in. Boggs sits in the chair.)

SCULLY: You set us up. You're in on this with Lucas Henry. This was a trap for Mulder because he helped put you away. Well, I came here to tell you that if he dies because of what you've done, four days from now, no one will be able to stop me from being the one that will throw the switch and gas you out of this life for good, you son of a bitch!

(She turns back to the door and waits for it to open.)

BOGGS: Dana...

(She turns back. Instead of seeing Boggs there, she sees Mulder.)

(as Mulder) You're the one that believed me!

(She covers her ears and closes her eyes.)

SCULLY: No! No, I do not believe you!

(She opens them and Boggs is back to normal.)

BOGGS: If you don't believe me, maybe you'll believe yourself.

(He pauses and starts playing with his hair. His mannerism changes again, this time to a little boy's.)

There was that one time when I was fourteen and my parents had gone to bed and I snuck downstairs all alone. Got one of my mom's cigarettes and went out onto the porch in the dark. I was so scared. My heart was beating, I mean, they would have killed me if they knew. But I was so excited. Not cause of the cigarette, I mean, it was gross, but because I wasn't supposed to.

SCULLY: That could be a moment from any kid's life.

(She is shaken by the story. Boggs reverts back to normal.)

BOGGS: I know what you want. And I know who you want to talk to. Why don't you just go ahead and ask me?

(Scully is on the verge of crying.)

SCULLY: I'll believe you... if you let... me talk to him.

(Boggs takes a deep breath, then slumps down and exhales it. He grunts twice. His breathing becomes heavier. He looks at her, his expression and mood like her father's.)

BOGGS: Starbuck...

(Boggs twitches and pulls at his handcuffs, grimacing. His mood and tone become almost demonic.)

No, no, no! Nobody talks to anybody until I get a deal! Don't underestimate my fear of dying and don't downplay my terror of going back to that chair. I know my hell's going to be to go on back to that chair over and over again but in this life, my one and only life, I don't ever want to go back again! Ever! The last time I went to death's door and looked inside...

(The screen grows bright until it goes to black-and-white of a priest reading Last Rites from the Bible. There is no audio.)

I had never talked to a minister before in my life ever until that day and he said, "He who doth not love remains in death and he who hates his brother is a murderer..."

(Boggs looks at the minister. A guard comes in and gives him his last meal.)

"And no murderer has eternal life abiding in him." My family, who I killed after their last meal, was right there to watch me over mine...

(Boggs looks to his left and sees his family standing there, watching him. Boggs is led down a hallway past his family, who is duplicated on either side of him.)

And their fear and their horror that I made them feel when I killed them was injected into me...

(Boggs is strapped into the chair and a wire that detects his heart beat is strapped to his chest.)

And their collective fear alone was just one taste of hell. And then I felt myself leave my body. I thought they had already killed me...

(Boggs tilts his head back and closes his eyes. Suddenly, spirits rush into his body, moaning, their clothes and features briefly replacing his as they move into him.)

And I saw thousands of souls rushing into my body.

(The screen brightens until we are back in the interrogation room.)

It is a cold, dark place, Scully. Mulder's looking in on it right now.

SCULLY: It may be a cold dark place for you but it's not for Mulder and it's not for my father.

BOGGS: I'm sure he'd like to tell you hisself but I'm not going to let him.
Nobody speaks until you get me a deal.

SCULLY: I don't believe you.

BOGGS: Oh well, there's plenty of room in that cold, dark place for liars, Scully. You go ahead and play it like you need to but I know you believe me. But if you need to convince a judge I'm in on it with Lucas, go ahead. Cause either way, whether I'm running the show with Lucas or I'm channeling, no information's coming until I get a deal. Go on, man, I got nothing to lose.

(Scully turns around and faces the door.)

SCULLY: Guard!

(Boggs stands up behind her.)

BOGGS: If I die, that boy goes to that cold, dark place.

(There is a buzz and the cell door and outer door open. She walks out and stops as they slam behind her. She closes her eyes for a moment, then walks away.)




SCENE 13
MULDER'S HOSPITAL BED; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(Scully sits at the side of Mulder's bed as he listens. Instruments are hooked up to him and machines beep in the background.)

SCULLY: There's still no sign of Lucas Henry or Jim Summers. The Raliegh police said...

MULDER: No matter what, don't believe him. Boggs created this whole charade to get back at me for putting him on death row. You'd be the next best thing.

SCULLY: Mulder, I never thought I'd say this... but what if there's another explanation?

MULDER: Don't... deal with him. He could be trying to claim you as his last victim.




SCENE 14
CENTRAL PRISON; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(A buzz sounds and the door opens. Boggs is lead in by a security guard. The security guard walks out and we hear the door slam. Scully is sitting across from Boggs.)

SCULLY: All right, Mr. Boggs... you got your deal.

(Boggs nods and sheds a few tears.)

BOGGS: Thank you, ma'am. Thank you.

SCULLY: Alright, where are they?

(Boggs exhales loudly and slumps back in his chair. Scully watches him with no emotion.
Boggs changes moods again. He looks up at the ceiling.)

BOGGS: Uh... I... uh... I see, like, uh... circles. Uh... I don't know, like... barrels. No, no, bigger, like, uh... huge, uh... vats, uh... factory. Uh, condemned. The old, uh, Blue Devil Brewery up by Morrisville. Oh, God, he's getting, uh, he's getting ready. He... he... he's getting ready to, um, uh... he's getting ready to kill, uh, to kill the d... whoo.

(He exhales and slumps back down. Scully puts her things in her briefcase.)

SCULLY: Luther, if you really were psychic...

BOGGS: I would have known you lied. That there never was a deal. I know you tried.

(She picks up her briefcase and goes to the door. A buzz sounds and it opens.)

Scully...

(She turns around.)

Avoid the devil. Don't follow Henry to the devil. Leave that to me.

(She walks out as a security guard walks in.)




SCENE 15
BLUE DEVIL BREWERY FACTORY; MORRISVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA
(Henry waves an hatchet in the air and screams. He slams the axe head down into a table twice. Tied to a table and his mouth covered with masking tape, Jim groans and starts to cry. Henry walks over to a ledge and jumps down next to Jim. He grabs him by the hair and lifts the hatchet, ready to strike.)

AGENT: Freeze!

(Henry stops and turns around. Agents rush in, guns armed. Scully takes the point, aiming at Henry.)

SCULLY: Federal agents, we're armed! Drop your weapon.

(Henry slowly lowers his weapon. He raises it to throw but Scully shoots him in the side of the chest. He screams and recoils as Scully and a few agents start to chase after him. Henry drops the hatchet and runs as the other agents check on Jim.)

AGENT: There he is!

2ND AGENT: Get an ambulance...

AGENT: Hold it...

2ND AGENT: It's gonna be alright, kid...

(Scully's team turns a corner and runs down a hallway.)

AGENT: Somebody get over here! Go away!

(Henry runs down the hall, crashing into the wall and heaving. The agents stop at stairs, getting on either side of the fixture before it.)

SCULLY: Go!

(An agent runs up the stairs and is hit with a metal barrel in the face. The agent falls down the stairs as Henry runs. Scully and another agent run after Henry while another checks on the fallen one. Henry runs into a dark room where rats are squeaking. He turns left. Scully and the agent go into the room. She goes left, he goes right. Henry runs into another room and up some stairs onto a catwalk. In the background, painted on the wall, is a giant blue devil. Scully runs in, gun poised, but she lowers it when she sees the devil. Henry looks at her and hears a creak under his foot. He
looks down to see the boards breaking under his feet. He falls through, screaming until a crash is heard. Scully looks over the railing to see Henry, dead two or three flights down. Scully sits down on the stairs as another agent runs in.)

AGENT: Over here!

(Scully looks up at the blue devil on the wall.)




SCENE 16
CENTRAL PRISON; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(The devil's face fades away, replaced with Boggs, who is sitting on his cot. Scully walks over and looks through his cell bars.)

BOGGS: You come to say goodbye?

SCULLY: I believe... that if you had orchestrated this kidnapping, Lucas Henry would have... been aware of the danger you warned me about. He never would have crossed that bridge. So you saved... Jim Summer's life. But you saved mine as well.

(Boggs nods, stands and walks to the cell bars.)

BOGGS: You come for some unfinished business? You want your father's message? Not now.
Be there tonight. Be my witness. And when they got me in that chair and they... open up that shield... you get your message.

(He sits back down on the cot. It is now 5:57. A security guard walks into Luther's cell and puts down his last meal. Boggs looks to the left and sees his dead family again, in black-and-white. Boggs is wearing shackles as he walks down the same hallway. He sees his family lining the halls again, the same way in black-and-white. They whisper to each other. Boggs stops and turns around in emotional pain, but the security guards turn him back around.)




SCENE 17
GAS CHAMBER; CENTRAL PRISON; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(Boggs breathes heavily as he is strapped into the chair again. They put the same heart-detecting wire on his chest. The door opens in front of Boggs and two men stand there with a priest.)

PRIEST: Our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven...

MAN: Would you like to make a statement?

PRIEST: ...our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us.

(Another man walks into view. His witness. Boggs shakes his head no. The first man nods to another.)

And lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil for thine is thy kingdom, thy power and thy glory...

(The contents of the cup spill out into the liquid. The gas rises and the liquid bubbles.)

Forever and ever. Amen.

(The look on Boggs' face is that of pure terror.)




SCENE 18
MULDER'S HOSPITAL BED; RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA
(Scully sits at the foot of Mulder's bed.)

SCULLY: I was considering Boggs. If he knew that I was your partner, he could have found out everything he knew about me. About my father...

MULDER: Scully.

(She gets up and walks around to him.)

SCULLY: "Beyond the Sea" was playing at my parents' wedding. Visions of deceased loved ones are a common psychological phenomena. If he knew that my father had...

MULDER: Dana. After all you've seen, after all the evidence, why can't you believe?

(She sighs and sits down on his bed.)

SCULLY: I'm afraid. I'm afraid to believe.

MULDER: You couldn't face that fear? Even if it meant never knowing what your father wanted to tell you?

SCULLY: But I do know.

MULDER: How?

SCULLY: He was my father.

(Mulder nods and puts his hand on her shoulder.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
A DANCE CLUB
(Loud music is playing and strobe lights illuminate an otherwise dark club. A young man tries to strike up a conversation with a blonde woman, but without success as she walks away. He goes to a video machine to read his horoscope. A young woman comes alongside him and tries to get his attention, but he appears disinterested and looks back at the video screen. She takes his left hand in hers and suddenly he seems very interested in her. He leans over and she whispers something in his ear. They then walk away hand in hand.)




SCENE 2
A HOTEL ROOM
(Later, they are in bed and have just had sex. She gets off the bed and stands some distance away from the bed, while he tries to catch his breath.)

YOUNG MAN: Oh, my God! That was ... that was incredible. I mean it. You don't believe me. Can you hear me? Hey, I ... I don't even know your name.

(He sits up in bed but then shows signs of being in pain. He coughs and moans, clutching his throat, and falls back in the bed. A foam comes out of his mouth and he appears dead. Nearby, the woman drops her lingerie to the floor, walks across the room and starts to put on the man's clothes. As the camera pans upward, we see that it is now a man.)




SCENE 3
CRIME SCENE (THE HOTEL ROOM), GERMANTOWN, MARYLAND, OUTSIDE WASHINGTON DC
(A photographer is taking pictures of the scene while Mulder examines the man's body. Scully stands to the side talking with Detective Horton.)

HORTON: New York businessman calls his wife to say good night, then goes out and picks up some chippy. He brings her back here for sex. Beyond that, well, nothing makes a whole lot of sense.

SCULLY: How's that?

HORTON: Security monitor records the victim entering the room with a woman at 10:13. Same monitor records a male leaving just after midnight.

SCULLY: Couldn't she just have changed clothes?

HORTON: Thought of that. Male is definitely a different person - short hair and at least 30 pounds heavier. The video never recorded his entry, nor the chippy ever leaving.

SCULLY: Well, we're 30 floors up, no other means of egress. Did the medical examiner establish a cause of death?

HORTON: Guy blew an artery. Must have been some roll in the hay.

(Mulder looks up at Scully, who shows no reaction to the Detective's comment.)

SCULLY: Hard to imagine in this day and age someone having sex with a perfect stranger. Any sign of robbery?

HORTON: The male exited wearing the victim's suit, carrying a suitcase. The wallet's gone.

SCULLY: You know, I don't even know why we got this call in the first place.

HORTON: Really? Somebody at the Bureau put out a memo requesting any case involving this exact COD. I assumed it was ...

MULDER: Thanks for the call.




SCENE 4
MULDER'S OFFICE
(Mulder and Scully are looking at slides of several dead bodies, all lying in bed in various stages of undress.)

MULDER: Five deaths. Four in the last six weeks between here and Boston. In each case, the victim dies in the throes of passion. Two women and three men, including the last one.

SCULLY: All young, healthy adults.

MULDER: All with symptoms of massive coronary arrest.

SCULLY: You think there's a new drug on the streets?

MULDER: The oldest drug, not even illegal. Each body showed the presence of huge amounts of pheromones.

SCULLY: The chemicals animals secrete? You mean, sexual attractants?

MULDER: Radar love. Only about a hundred times stronger than found anywhere in nature, strong enough to product anaphylactic shock or a coronary.

SCULLY: So you think somebody is synthesizing them?

MULDER: It's been done, but in nowhere near these concentrations and hold on to your hat, Scully, 'cause you're gonna love this. The pheromones we're talking about - they contain human DNA.

SCULLY: Well, there's still a question as to whether humans can produce pheromones. So how can that be?

MULDER: I don't know. But if it's true, then this guy is a walking aphrodysiac. He's the ultimate sex magnet.

SCULLY: He or she? You've got victims of both sexes. Both a man and a woman on the hotel security monitor.

MULDER: I know. That is a puzzle.

SCULLY: So what is our profile of the killer? Indeterminate height, weight, sex. Unarmed but extremely attractive.

MULDER: It gets weirder. As I said, there's been four deaths matching this MO in the last six weeks - in Boston, Hartford, Philadelphia and here in Washington.

(Mulder circles the cities on a map that is being displayed with an overhead projector.)

SCULLY: The killer's moving south.

MULDER: There was a death I made a note of about a year ago with the same symptoms. A 32 year-old UMW labor organizer was found dead outside a town called Steveston in the woods of Massachusetts, home to a sect of religious isolationists called 'The Kindred'.

(Mulder shows some slides showing 'The Kindred'.)

SCULLY: Right. They live up there without electricity, phones, any modern amenities, a lot like the Amish.

MULDER: The Kindred are known for their handmade stoneware pottery. They mine the clay themselves in the local hills.

SCULLY: What's so weird about that?

MULDER: The white clay in those hills is particular to that region. It's also the same substance I scraped out of the scratches on the latest victim's sides.

SCULLY: Well, wait a minute. Aren't these people famous for their abstinence and their pure Christian ways?

MULDER: Yes, but it looks as if one of them may have forgotten to clean under his fingernails.




SCENE 5
STEVESTON, MASSACHUSETTS
(Mulder and Scully are walking along what appears to be Main Street. They enter a store run by a man and woman.)

WOMAN: Hi.

MULDER: Excuse me, ma'am, this is federal Agent Scully, I'm Agent Mulder.

SCULLY: We're investigating a possible murder.

WOMAN: Oh, there aren't many killings around here.

MULDER: What can you tell me about the Kindred? They keep pretty much to themselves, huh?

MAN: Yeah, some folks say it's because they're doing ceremonies up there. Voodoo or something. I've got nothing against them, myself. They bring in the tourists.

(Mulder and Scully are looking at a number of framed pictures on the wall behind the counter. There are several spots where the frames have been taken down.)

SCULLY: Did the Kindred let you take those pictures?

MAN: Oh, those. Those are from back in the thirties.

MULDER: What about the missing ones?

MAN: I'm having them reframed. They're right here under the counter.

MULDER: Can I take a look at them?

MAN: Sure.

(The man brings out several additional photographs that Mulder inspects. Outside, a wagon with about a half dozen people, all clothed in black, is being pulled up the street by a pair of horses.)

MULDER: How would I get up to see them?

MAN: Oh, they don't like strangers up there much. Road's in pretty rough shape. (he hands Mulder a map) That's Steveston.

(The wagon passes the front of the store.)

MAN: That's them now. They usually shop at the feed store.

(The wagon stops in front of the feed store. Those riding in the wagon get off and all but one go into the store. One, Brother Andrew, stays with the horses. Mulder and Scully approach, and Mulder tries to get the attention of three of them as they are entering the store.)

MULDER: Excuse me. Ladies? (they pay no attention and enter the store) (to Scully) I think I'm gonna go inside. (in a "rural" accent) You need anything from the feed store?

(Scully shakes her head, remains outside and tries to strike up a conversation with the one tending the horses.)

SCULLY: (to Brother Andrew) Hi.

(Andrew doesn't respond. Scully walks past him and strokes the neck of one of the horses.)

SCULLY: She must have problems on the asphalt. Has she ever thrown a shoe? (Andrew looks away) What's her name?

BROTHER ANDREW: (shyly) Alice.

SCULLY: That's sweet. Did you name her?

BROTHER ANDREW: We named her all together. I'm not allowed to talk outside.

SCULLY: That's all right. (she extends her hand) I'm Dana Scully. I don't mean you any harm.

(Andrew hesitates, then reaches out and Scully smiles. As they shake hands, Andrew strokes the top of her hand with his thumb. Scully's expression becomes blank, then somewhat glassy-eyed. The other Kindred emerge from the store.)

KINDRED MAN: Brother Andrew.

(Andrew releases Scully's hand and gets back on the wagon. Scully appears disoriented. Mulder comes out of the store.)

MULDER: Scully, what are you doing?

SCULLY: I was just talking ...

(Her voice falls off on the last syllable and she seems confused. Mulder notices her odd expression.)

MULDER: You all right?

SCULLY: Yeah, I think so.

MULDER: You want to sit down?

(Scully doesn't respond. The wagon pulls away from the store, and Mulder and Scully watch them go up the street.)

MULDER: Interesting way of life. You get any sense about them?

SCULLY: There's something up there, Mulder.

MULDER: Oh, I've been saying that for years.




SCENE 6
OUTSIDE STEVESTON
(It is late afternoon. Mulder and Scully park the car as the road becomes very rough. Mulder pulls out the map that he was given at the store. He flips it several times, trying to orient it properly.)

MULDER: Oh, for a 4-wheel drive. Looks like about a mile walk.

SCULLY: After you.

(Shortly afterwards, Mulder is still struggling with the map.)

MULDER: Now ... this ... that's west.

SCULLY: What does the map say?

MULDER: (annoyed) That we should be there already.

(He crumples the map into a ball and punts it upwards. Scully catches it. She sighs, then hears a stick breaking and sees members of the Kindred approaching.)

SCULLY: Mulder, look.

(They are quickly surrounded by about a dozen of the Kindred who close in on them.)

SCULLY: We're FBI agents. Federal police.

MULDER: I'm Agent Mulder, this is Agent Scully. We're here to investigate a murder.

SCULLY: I'm going to have to ask you to remain at a distance, please, sir.

BROTHER OAKLEY: Your weapons are forbidden here. We can outlast you at this spot. You're not leaving where we stand until your guns are handed to our Council. You'll have them again, as you leave.

MULDER: We can't do that.

SISTER ABIGAIL: Please. I'm Sister Abby. This is Brother Oakley. We're all saddened by what has happened in your world, but it does not concern us. Up here, no one kills another - ever.

SCULLY: We just want to have a few questions answered.

SISTER ABIGAIL: It is your weapons that are unwelcome here, not you. Come and pray with us, be one of us, and you'll see that we harm no one. Please relinquish your weapons. (Scully and Mulder exhange a glance) Please.

(After several moments, Mulder nods and he and Scully remove the clips from their guns and hand the clips to the Kindred.)

SISTER ABIGAIL: Now there is no reason to be afraid.

(Mulder and Scully walk with the Kindred back to their house. On the way, they see members working in a hayfield, chopping wood and hanging out clothes. They enter the dining room in the main house.)

BROTHER OAKLEY: Come. Sit.

(Mulder, Scully and eight members of the Kindred, including Brother Andrew, sit around the table.)

SISTER ABIGAIL: Let us pray as one. We who are separate give thanks for our alloted time in this world. We ask for strength that we may bring forth the bounty that God has provided.

(As they pray, one brother is coughing, and Scully and Andrew exchange an awkward glance.)

ALL: Amen.

SISTER ABIGAIL: We pray for the day of the coming, the moment of our release.

ALL: Amen.

SISTER ABIGAIL: Let us eat.

(Food is served.)

MULDER: I was wondering if we might ask a few questions. We're looking for someone we believe may have come from here.

SCULLY: We have pictures.

SISTER ABIGAIL: We do not allow pictures.

SCULLY: A crime has been committed. We have certain questions that we need answered, if you'll forgive us.

BROTHER ANDREW: What are these pictures?

SCULLY: Hotel security videos of a man and a woman who may have committed a murder.

BROTHER ANDREW: Where was this crime committed?

SCULLY: In a hotel in Washington, DC.

MULDER: If we can arrange for you to look at the video tape, maybe you can identify the individual.

BROTHER ANDREW: How much violence has this person caused in your world?

MULDER: Five murders, so far.

SCULLY: And may kill again, which is why we need your help.

MULDER: Has anyone left here recently?

BROTHER WILTON: (slamming the table with his hand) Your world does not interest us. We have no need for your violence or your questions. I've said what is needed. They have no right to be here at this time.

(Sister Abigail, at the other end of the table from Brother Wilton, stands.)

SISTER ABIGAIL: Brother Wilton, stand. (he does) Before we can accept any man's person, we must accept our own. And I ask, who can stand in your sight when once you are angry. I am ashamed to lift up my face, and I shall not be ashamed in this evil time. Make atonements for this wrath, Brother Wilton.

(Brother Wilton looks downward.)

MULDER: That's all right. We didn't take any offense.

BROTHER ANDREW: Anger, as violence, is not tolerated. Our brother must be admonished.

(The brother who was coughing earlier is now gagging, grasping his throat.)

SCULLY: He can't breathe.

SISTER ABIGAIL: He does not need your help.

SCULLY: He's choking to death!

(Scully stands and moves around the table to assist the man.)

SISTER ABIGAIL: Remove Brother Aaron from the dining hall.

(One of the brothers grabs Scully by the arm to stop her, while several brothers lift Brother Aaron and carry him out of the room.)

SISTER ABIGAIL: We did not invite you here to interfere.

BROTHER ANDREW: We take care of our own.




SCENE 7
A DANCE CLUB, THE SAME ONE AS IN THE TEASER
(A young man [Marty] approaches a blonde woman.)

MARTY (MALE): Would you like to dance?

BLONDE WOMAN: Not right now. (He takes her hand) Look, I'm really not interested, OK?

MARTY (MALE): Just one dance?

(As the man strokes her hand, the woman's expression changes and she smiles at him.)

BLONDE WOMAN: Hi.

MARTY (MALE): One dance?

(He takes her hand and she follows him to the dance floor.)




SCENE 8
NEAR THE KINDRED'S PROPERTY
(It is night, and members of the Kindred, carrying lanterns, have led Mulder and Scully into the woods.)

BROTHER WILTON: It's a mile to your car. Stay in the path.

MULDER: Thanks for your cooperation.

(Mulder and Scully leave the group, each carrying a lantern. They walk toward the car, now out of sight of the group.)

MULDER: The Addams family finds religion.

SCULLY: Take me back to the 20th century.

MULDER: You believe all that back there, Scully?

SCULLY: Believe all what?

MULDER: All that "we take care of our own" business?

SCULLY: Well, they better take care of their own or that man at the dinner table is a dead man.

MULDER: I think it was all an elaborate act.

SCULLY: What? The choking?

MULDER: No, all this simple life, living from abundance crap. These people know something, Scully. You can see it in their eyes - the way they look at one another.

SCULLY: Do you think they know who the murderer is?

MULDER: Did you notice how they managed not to answer a single question of ours? And that outburst at the table was right on cue. Somehow, they got us to answer their questions. Did you ask yourself why there weren't any children around?

SCULLY: I know, that was odd.

(They've stopped along the path.)

MULDER: You want to know what was really odd? You know those pictures we saw down in the store in Steveston today, the ones from the thirties? I swear I saw some of those same faces at the dinner table tonight.

SCULLY: These people have probably been intermarrying for years.

MULDER: Maybe. Maybe not everything is as black and white as it appears to be.

(Mulder turns off his lantern.)

SCULLY: What are you doing?

MULDER: I'm going to go back for a little look-see.

(Scully turns off her lantern and follows. As they get back to the property, they see that the main house is dark. They hear a distant chanting noise.)

MULDER: Maybe they went to the movies. Do you hear that?

SCULLY: Uh-huh.

(They follow the noise and see a group of people carry lanterns and chanting. They quietly approach as the group goes into a barn and closes the door behind them. Mulder and Scully creep to the barn and peer through spaces in the barn wall. They see a solemn procession, with members carrying the motionless body of Brother Aaron, the one who was choking earlier. A horse near the barn wall becomes agitated, and several members look around warily as part of the group goes through a cellar door in the barn. The rest go back out of the barn.)

SCULLY: What do you think?

MULDER: I think I want to see what's in that cellar.

(Mulder goes around to the door while Scully stays. Through the wall, she sees Mulder enter, walk to the cellar door and enter. Just then, Brother Andrew startles her, placing his hand on her shoulder from behind.)




SCENE 9
STILL OUTSIDE THE BARN
BROTHER ANDREW: Come with me. I can give you information.

(Scully rises and follows him.)

(Mulder has entered the cellar and is walking down a narrow tunnel. As he nears the chanting noise, he stops and observes though a hole in the wall. Members of the kindred are in a cave-like opening.)

(Brother Andrew and Scully enter a room in the house.)

BROTHER ANDREW: I know who did it.

SCULLY: The murders?

BROTHER ANDREW: You've heard our prayers. You've seen how we live our beliefs. I want you to find this killer. I want you to find him for me. He was my best friend.

SCULLY: What's his name?

BROTHER ANDREW: Brother Martin. I called him Marty.

(Back in the cellar, Mulder watches the others perform a ceremony around Brother Aaron's body. They mix spring water with clay material and rub the mixture onto his body.)

(In the house, Scully and Brother Andrew are in a darkened room, illuminated by a single lantern.)

BROTHER ANDREW: Marty was different.

SCULLY: What do you mean, different?

BROTHER ANDREW: How does he kill?

SCULLY: We're not sure. All of the victims died of cardiac arrest.

BROTHER ANDREW: He poisons them, doesn't he?

SCULLY: Maybe, how do you know that?

(Andrew wedges a chair under the door to block it. Scully shows some apprehension.)

BROTHER ANDREW: I need to show you something ... something about Marty.

(Back in the cellar, the group lifts Brother Aaron's body and leaves it in the cellar, although Mulder cannot see where they put it. They then head back out. After they leave, Mulder moves into the main opening of the cave.)

(In the house, Andrew has brought out a stack of magazines covered in a black cloth. He shows them to Scully.)

BROTHER ANDREW: We found them out on route 44. We were wandering. Marty and I used to do that - explore the edges of our world. Someone must have left them for garbage. They are garbage.

(Scully has looked through the magazines. One of them was entitled "Adventurer", another looks like "Bazaar".)

SCULLY: Why did you keep them?

BROTHER ANDREW: It was Martin who kept them. Some of what I saw in the magazines ... some of it was beautiful, but most of it I didn't like. It was garish. But Martin - Marty - he couldn't get enough. He liked even the paper it was printed on - slick. Marty was captured by your world. He left us to become one of you.

(In the cave, Mulder samples the clay mixture and examines the clay table that Brother Aaron's body was on. He also sees several holes in the clay wall, one of which has a light behind it and a spongy cover on the opening. He hears voices. Grabbing a lantern, he hurries back toward the entrance but sees that people are coming back into the cellar. He runs back into the main chamber and dives into one of the darkened holes in the wall just as several men enter.)

KINDRED MAN #1: Brother Wilton! The woman has returned.

BROTHER WILTON: Where is she?

KINDRED MAN #1: With Andrew, in the main house.

BROTHER WILTON: What about the other one?

KINDRED MAN #1: He's missing.

BROTHER WILTON: Come.

(They leave. Mulder, who has overheard their conversation, looks around where he has been hiding and sees Brother Aaron's body covered in the clay material. His hair seems longer and darker. As Mulder watches, Aaron's eyes open, startling him.)

(Scully and Andrew are still in the house.)

SCULLY: You said Marty was different.

BROTHER ANDREW: Yes.

SCULLY: How? How did he kill his victims?

BROTHER ANDREW: I could be banished.

SCULLY: Does it have something to do with the ceremony in the barn tonight?

(Andrew walks to Scully and takes her hand, rubbing it with his thumb.)

SCULLY: What are you doing?

(Outside, Mulder has left the barn and runs next to a fence, near the house. He sees a light on in the house.)

MULDER: (loud whisper) Scully ...

(There is no answer, and Mulder heads toward the house. Inside, Andrew is still stroking Scully's hand and reaches to touch her face. Scully's expression is blank.)

BROTHER ANDREW: Marty is different. We're all different.

(He moves closer and nuzzles her neck.)

SCULLY: Oh ... oh.

(Scully's body goes limp and Andrew has no difficulty pushing her down on the bed and laying on top of her. The doorknob starts rattling.)

MULDER: (in the hallway) Scully?

(Mulder breaks through the door and sees them on the bed.)

MULDER: Get off of her!

(He grabs Andrew and shoves him aside, then lifts Scully, who is still limp, off the bed and helps her out of the room. Moments later, they exit the house, with Scully now walking by herself but still dazed. They encounter a group of the Kindred as they come out the door.)

SISTER ABIGAIL: I asked you not to interfere.

(They all stare at each other for several seconds. Sister Abigail stands aside, clearing a path for them to leave. Mulder nods. Scully is still dazed, and Mulder leads her away by the hand. The Kindred go into the house, as Mulder and Scully get out of hearing range. Mulder has his arm around Scully, who is still walking stiffly.)

MULDER: What the hell were you doing back there?

SCULLY: (weak voice) I don't know.

MULDER: You don't know?

SCULLY: No.

(Scully stops and stumbles a few steps back, coughing.)

MULDER: You all right?

(Scully bends over and becomes nauseous.)




SCENE 10
THE DANCE CLUB
(A young man, Michael, is on the phone as the loud music pounds in the background. As he speaks, a young woman, the same one from the opening scene, approaches and touches his hand.)

MICHAEL: (to phone) I wasn't ignoring you. No. Of course I saw you, I just didn't recognize you, that's all. (to the young woman) Excuse me, I'm having a conversation ...

(She moves to the other size of him and starts to stroke his other hand. He slowly turns to look at her. He puts the phone down and she then leads him away by the hand.)




SCENE 11
NEAR STEVESTON
(Mulder has stopped at a diner and brings two cups of coffee back to the car, giving one to Scully.)

SCULLY: Thanks.

MULDER: How you feeling?

SCULLY: Better ... a little embarrassed, actually.

MULDER: Why? You don't remember any of it.

SCULLY: It's like I don't remember ...

MULDER: Why didn't you get out of there before he ...

SCULLY: Because he told me he knew who the killer was.

MULDER: How did you know he wasn't the killer?

SCULLY: I believed him.

(Mulder sighs as he drinks his coffee.)

SCULLY: So what did you see down in the cellar?

MULDER: Just Brother what's-his-name buried in some gopher hole in the wall. Buried alive.

SCULLY: How do you know he was alive?

MULDER: Because I was in there with him. And his face was ... was different. Even his hair, it was almost feminine. It was like he was going through some kind of a transformation.

SCULLY: Changing sexes?

MULDER: That would explain the hotel security video.

SCULLY: So you're saying these people ...

MULDER: I know what I saw, Scully. And I saw you about to do the wild thing with some stranger.

(Scully stares at him for a few moments.)

SCULLY: Think he was trying to kill me?

MULDER: Maybe it's the sex that kills.

SCULLY: Well, if he was trying to kill me, why did they let us go?

MULDER: I don't know.

(He starts the car.)




SCENE 12
A PARKED CAR
(Michael and the young woman are making out in the front seat. She is sitting on his lap, kissing him. A figure with a flashlight approaches and knocks on the window.)

COP: All right. Let's break it up. (Michael groans) Out of the car.

MARTY (FEMALE): (getting out of the car) Sorry, officer.

COP: (to Michael, still in the car) You, too. (to Marty) You a pro?

MARTY (FEMALE): Pro?

(Michael starts groaning and gasping in pain. The cop hears him and looks over to see what's wrong.)

COP: What?

(Marty flattens the cop with a left hook to the jaw. As Michael continues to gasp in the car, the cop gets to his knees and Marty, who now looks like a man, delivers an uppercut to the cop's jaw, knocking him out. Michael wipes away the fog on the driver's window and looks out of the car, seeing a man staring back at him. The man runs away as a wide-eyed Michael coughs.)




SCENE 13
A HOSPITAL
(Michael is lying in a hospital bed, being questioned by Mulder and Scully.)

MICHAEL: On a scale of 1 to 10, she was a kind 3. But there was something about her.

SCULLY: Did she touch you or make physical contact in any other manner?

MICHAEL: Her touch was ... electric. But after that, I remember only vaguely.

MULDER: What do you remember?

MICHAEL: Nothing, actually.

MULDER: Try to remember, Michael. The policeman at the scene supports what you said, but maybe there was something ... unusual about this woman. Something you wouldn't feel comfortable telling the police on the record.

MICHAEL: But this is off the record?

MULDER: Absolutely.

SCULLY: What did you see, Michael?

MICHAEL: After she left the car and she was fighting with the cop, I saw her in her clothes and she looked like ... (nervous laugh) ... she looked like a man.

(Mulder and Scully exchange glances.)

SCULLY: She was a man.

MICHAEL: Hustling in the club scene used to be so simple. (to Mulder) That's off the record.

MULDER: Scout's honor.

(Mulder and Scully are walking down a hallway in the hospital.)

SCULLY: Well, I can't rule out the possiblity that who we're looking for is a transvestite.

MULDER: I think Don Juan in there knows the difference between the male and the female of the species.

SCULLY: I just don't want us to ignore the obvious. I mean, how else could you explain a woman overpowering a 200-pound cop? She was a he.

(An agent runs toward them.)

AGENT #1: Agent Mulder? Agent Scully? The credit card that was stolen from the last victim in DC was just used to order takeout in a hotel downtown, about 8 blocks from here.




SCENE 14
A HOTEL ROOM
MARTY (FEMALE): It was always forbidden, but after the first time I couldn't help myself. Touching a human man, or a woman, is as powerful for me as it was for you.

(Mulder and Scully are entering the hotel.)

SCULLY: This is Agent Scully requesting police backup and additional agents at 771 Catherine Street. It's the Hotel Catherine.

(Back in the hotel room, as Marty continues to talk, we see that she is talking to an apparently lifeless man lying in the bed.)

MARTY (FEMALE): Your world offers pleasures - pleasures we don't know because we're different. But you know that now. The others will punish me for what I've done. They'll find me, because the day is coming and they won't leave without me.

(Mulder and Scully have arrived on the floor and run down the hallway. Scully finds the room first.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(Mulder runs to the door and they draw their weapons and take positions. Mulder knocks on the door.)

MULDER: Delivery!

(There is no answer. Mulder signals that he's going to break in and Scully steps in front of the door.)

MULDER: (breaking in door) FBI! FBI! Clear! Stay down!

(They don't see anyone inside. Scully goes into the adjoining room and finds the man on the bed.)

SCULLY: Dead body!

(Marty, who was hiding behind a curtain, emerges and hits Scully on the head from behind. She groans and falls to the floor. Marty runs back out into the hall.)

MULDER: Scully?

SCULLY: (from the floor, weakly) I'm OK.

(Mulder runs out into the hall. He finds the next door open and starts to enter. From inside, Marty strikes him in the face, knocking him to the floor in the hall. As Mulder watches, the female Marty morphs into a male. Mulder reaches for his gun, but the male Marty kicks him in the face, kicks the gun down the hall and runs away, wearing only socks, a sweatshirt and underwear.)

(Back in the first room, Scully gets up and runs into the hall, seeing Mulder lying there, dazed.)

MULDER: (groggily) Scully. Down the stairs ...

(She jumps over him and down the stairs at the end of the hall. She bursts out into the alley below but doesn't see anyone. As she moves through the alley, she hears a noise and sees shadows appear on the side of one of the buildings. Suddenly, the male Marty runs toward her.)

SCULLY: Federal agent, I'm armed! (Marty stops) Back away!

(Suddenly, Marty is tackled by a figure dressed in black. He is surrounded by the Kindred, including Brother Andrew. They get him to his feet.)

SCULLY: Step away! Step away!

(Andrew turns to Scully and walks toward her, while the others hold Marty behind him.)

BROTHER ANDREW: Please. Don't hurt him.

SCULLY: No. Step away. (Andrew continues to approach her) I'm armed.

(Andrew continues to block the others from Scully's line of fire. As he gets close, she starts to lower her gun. Mulder comes out of the hotel and into the alley.)

MULDER: Scully!

(Scully turns to him, and Andrew knocks her gun out of her hand, then strikes her in the face. She falls. As Mulder runs to her aid, shadows on the building wall move away and the Kindred disappear as mysteriously as they appeared.)

(Later, there are police cars in the alley and an agent approaches Scully and Mulder.)

AGENT #2:MULDER: What if they did get through? There's only place they'd hide.




SCENE 15
THE KINDRED PROPERTY NEAR STEVESTON
(The next morning, several 4-wheel drive police vehicles approach. Mulder, Scully, the agent and others emerge and start to search the area. Scully heads to the house and finds no one in the dining area.)

SCULLY: They're gone.

(Mulder has run to the barn and opens the door to the cellar. He finds a solid clay wall behind it. The agent approaches from behind.)

AGENT #2: We found something in the hayfield.

(Mulder and Scully are walking through the hayfield.)

SCULLY: I don't understand. How can they just disappear? They have no means of transportation.

MULDER: No earthly means of transportation.

(They come to a large "crop circle" in the field.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
MARYLAND MARINE BANK
5:55 PM
(SCULLY opens a briefcase on a bank counter. Pretends to fill out a deposit slip. AGENT JACK WILLIS, attractive, late 30s stands near her. He is restless, looking around.)

SCULLY: (quietly, to WILLIS) Relax, theyll be here.

WILLIS: Banks going to close in five minutes.

SCULLY: Sure it wasnt a bogus tip?

WILLIS: No. Its real. Ive been on this long enough. I know the difference. Besides, I can feel it. I can feel them. Im inside their heads.

SCULLY: (warning tease) Just as long as you keep yours.

WILLIS: (smiles) Message received, Agent Scully, loud and clear. (softly into intercom) Position five. Its Agent Willis. Do you copy?

(There is a gun in SCULLYs briefcase. She closes the case.)

(SAME TIME: Outside the bank in a car, DUPRE and LULA, hard and rough looking, 30s. LULA is in drivers seat. DUPRE loads gun. LULA watches the bank.)

DUPRE: What, are you nervous?

LULA: Nope. I just dont want our luck to run out.

DUPRE: Baby, you are my luck. No matter what happens, whenever I look up at the stars I know youre going to be looking up at the same ones.

LULA: The same ones, baby.

(DUPRE kisses LULA passionately. We see a tattoo on his arm.)

DUPRE: You make every day like New Years Eve.

(Wearing hockey mask, holding rifle, DUPRE busts into the bank, yelling.)

DUPRE: Get down! Get down on the ground! I want everyone on the ground now! NOW! Get down! You too --- on the floor! On the floor! Ill execute every one of you!

(People are screaming and panicking. DUPRE shoves a bag to a teller.)

DUPRE: Put the money in the bag now! Move! Shut up and do it!

(WILLIS pulls his gun and aims it at DUPRE. SCULLY, slightly behind WILLIS also holds her gun on DUPRE.)

WILLIS: Dupre! Drop the gun! FBI! Drop the gun, NOW!

(Pause. All quiet. DUPRE lowers his gun. WILLIS relaxes slightly. Then pulls it up again quickly and shoots WILLIS in the chest. Calmly, SCULLY shoots DUPRE 3 times. DUPRE falls, and the hockey mask goes skidding across the floor.)




SCENE 2
(Later. Hospital. WILLIS is in ER getting defibrillated. SCULLY stands close, very concerned.)

DOCTOR: I need more saline in here, stat.

NURSE: Up to 360, now.

INTERN: 11 minutes, 55 seconds. Clear.

SCULLY: Come on, Jack.

INTERN: Hes been flatlined for over twelve minutes.

DOCTOR: Another amp of EPI and well go again at 360. Clear.

(No response.)

NURSE: Still no pulse.

DOCTOR: Weve done all we can. Im sorry.

INTERN: You want me to pronounce?

SCULLY: No. You cant give up on him.

DOCTOR: Its been over 13 minutes. Hes dead.

SCULLY: Go up to 400.

DOCTOR: We lost him. Let him go.

SCULLY: Im a doctor. Go up to 400, or Ill do it myself.

DOCTOR: Clear.

(As they jolt WILLIS, DUPREs sheet covered body in the other room jerks.)

SCULLY: Give him another amp of EPI intracardial and go up to 400 again. (They stare at her.) Do it.

DOCTOR: Clear.

SCULLY: Again. Come on, Jack.

DOCTOR: Clear.

(Monitor begins beeping and registering vitals.)

DOCTOR: (amazed) We got a rhythm. Dont ask me how, but hes back. BPs 80 over 50 and climbing. 90 over 50 

(SCULLY looks relieved. Camera pans over to the tattoo on DUPREs limp right arm.)




SCENE 3
BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL
12:51 AM
TWO DAYS LATER
(Hospital room. WILLIS is lying in bed attached to machines. His eyes suddenly open. We see only his legs as he gets up, goes to another room and dresses in the mans clothes. A nurse comes to check on the patient. WILLIS hides in the bathroom, ready to garrote the nurse with a strip of rubber. After she leaves, he catches sight of himself in the bathroom mirror. He touches his face in wonder. Has flash of WILLIS being shot.)

(WILLIS goes to the morgue and opens a drawer and looks at DUPREs body. The body is stiff. He tries to pull the wedding ring off of DUPREs finger, but it sticks. He opens a drawer and gets out a pair of bone cutters and we hear a snap as he cuts off one of DUPREs fingers.)




SCENE 4
(Hospital, next day. MULDER joins SCULLY in the morgue. Crime scene procedures underway.)

SCULLY: Any word from Willis?

MULDER: Still missing. He hasn't been home or checked in with the office. I heard something on the way down about a mutilation?

SCULLY: Yeah. Three fingers on Dupre's left hand were severed by surgical shears. We lifted prints. They're Willis.

MULDER: You said he was chasing this guy for almost a year?

SCULLY: Yeah, he lived the case. It was all he thought about, talked about.

MULDER: What are you thinking?

SCULLY: That maybe this is some kind of post-trauma psychosis. Like the way soldiers sometimes mutilate the body of a dead enemy.

MULDER: That still doesn't explain why he would just vanish. Dupre's partner-- who was she? (reads a chart) Lula Phillips.

SCULLY: They met while she was serving a ten year sentence for manslaughter at the Women's Correctional Facility of Maryland.

MULDER: He was a prison guard.

SCULLY: Until the warden found out about their secret. According to Lula's cell mate they carried on quite a torrid romance.

MULDER: It says here she was released on May 2, 1993.

SCULLY: One week before the first robbery at Annapolis Savings and Loan. The 65-year-old female teller was pistol-whipped. Died from a massive subdural hemorrhage all because she didnt put the money in the bag fast enough.

MULDER: Lovely couple.

SCULLY: Well, apparently they took turns --- one pulling a job while the other one drove getaway. Between the two of them, theyve killed seven people and gotten away with close to $100,000.

MULDER: Thats a lot of money now that she doesnt have to split it two ways.

SCULLY: Well, were putting her face out there --- local newspapers, Americas Most Wanted. (notices Mulder not paying attention, still reading the file) Am I boring you?

MULDER: They were married.

SCULLY: Yeah. Last May in Atlantic City. So what?

MULDER: I dont think this was a simple necrophiliac mutilation. Willis sliced and diced those fingers to get at the wedding ring.

(MULDER looks down at DUPREs face and compares it to the file picture.)




SCENE 5
(DUPRE and LULAs apartment. WILLIS arrives, breaks the door window, unlocks the door, and enters.)

WILLIS: Anybody here? Lula? (Sound of a plane overhead.) Baby, baby. baby. (He goes to the fireplace and feels around inside, is disappointed.) Damn.

(He looks in wonder as DUPREs tattoo forms on his arm.)




SCENE 6
(X-Files office. MULDER and SCULLY looking at evidence from the morgue.)

SCULLY: It's a left thumbprint.

MULDER: You can see by these two bifurcations here that whoever held that cleaver was using his left hand.

SCULLY: What do you mean, "whoever"? It was Willis.

MULDER: Willis is right-handed. I checked his pistol grip at the armory. But all the bank surveillance tapes show that Dupre is left-handed.

SCULLY: I'm not sure where you're going.

MULDER: How long did Willis flatline before you revived him?

SCULLY: Just over 13 minutes.

MULDER: This is the EKG strip that recorded his cardiac activity at the time. Now, *in your medical opinion,* what does that look like?

SCULLY: It could be anything  an instrument malfunction, electrical overload.

MULDER: (leading tone) But what does it *look* like?

SCULLY: (pause) Two heartbeats.

MULDER: Now, you say Dupre and Willis went into cardiac arrest at the exact same time, right?

SCULLY: Right.

MULDER: Which means for minutes, both men were technically dead.

SCULLY: Technically, but we resuscitated Willis.

MULDER: You resuscitated his body.

SCULLY: (warning) Mulder.

MULDER: Two men died in that crash room, Scully. One man came back. The question is  which one?




SCENE 7
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND
DEPARTMENT OF BIOLOGY
(MULDER and SCULLY are in the office of PROFESSOR VARNES, energetic, 60ish. MULDER watches SCULLY listen to PROFESSOR VARNES.)

PROF. VARNES: What can you tell me about near-death experiences, Agent Scully?

SCULLY: The usual stuff  the tunnel, the light, people rising up and viewing their own bodies.

PROF. VARNES: And as a scientist, how do you account for the phenomenon?

SCULLY: Some sort of disassociative, hallucinatory activity.

PROF. VARNES: (chuckles) Did you know that half of all adults who have had a near-death experience can not wear a watch? The increased electrical activity in their bodies renders the watches on their wrists inoperable. Now, I know this sounds kooky, but as any biologist will tell you, when cells die and genetic material begins to unfold, a tremendous charge of energy is released.

MULDER: Dr. Varnes believes this burst of energy is responsible for the transformational nature of the experience.

PROF. VARNES: People do return from the event profoundly changed.

SCULLY: Changed how?

PROF. VARNES: Personality shifts, perceived psychic abilities, increased zest for life.

MULDER: What about the negative consequences?

PROF. VARNES: Well, theyre rare, but apparently, in the process of dying there is a window of time during which the body is vulnerable.

SCULLY: I dont understand.

PROF. VARNES: Well, there was a pilot in my support group who died in a commuter plane crash along with his three passengers. This was a few years ago. He recalls floating up in a brilliant aura of light and then feeling an overwhelming need to return to his body. He was revived in the ambulance on the way to the hospital --- the only survivor. It was soon after that that the visions started. Visions of making love to his wife but in ways and places that werent in his memory. Now, it turns out that one of the dead passengers on the plane was having an affair with his wife. The dead passengers memory, his consciousness had survived through the pilot.

SCULLY: What happened?

PROF. VARNES: Well, the pilot became increasingly disoriented  a schizophrenic, his doctor claims  until one day he strangled his wife with an extension cord. (smiles and walks away)

MULDER: Thats a nice story.

SCULLY: (sighs)

(Later, MULDER and SCULLY coming down the stairs.)

SCULLY: I dont discount the near-death experience because it can be explained empirically by stimulation of the temporal lobe.

MULDER: I sense a big "but" coming.

SCULLY: Its my still best guess Jacks disappearance can be explained in psychological, not supernatural, terms.

MULDER: For instance?

SCULLY: The stress of the case, the trauma of being shot.. Jacks personality.

MULDER: How well do you know him?

SCULLY: (forced casual) We dated  for almost a year. He was my instructor at the academy.

(SCULLY keeps walking, MULDER stops and looks at her.)

MULDER: The plot thickens.

SCULLY: (walking back toward MULDER, remembering fondly) We even had the same birthday. We used to celebrate in some dive in Statford that had a slanting pool table. But it was always so hard for Jack to relax. It was impossible for him really. He was always so intense, so relentlessly determined.

MULDER: Do you believe hes predisposed to this type of psychotic episode?

SCULLY: I believe its a long way from saying Jack had a near-death experience to saying his bodys been inhabited by Warren Dupre. (walks down the hall, looks back over her shoulder) A long way.




SCENE 8
(TOMMYs low rent, messy apartment. WILLIS breaks in, grabs TOMMYs gun and holds it on TOMMY who is in bed watching TV, no sound.)

TOMMY: What the hell?

WILLIS: Youre such a creature of habit, Tommy.

TOMMY: Who the hell are you?

WILLIS: Get out of bed.

TOMMY: I aint got no clothes on.

WILLIS: Get out of bed. I dont want to shoot you lying down.

TOMMY: Who are you, the rent man? Cause Im all paid up. I swear, Im not kidding you. Come on, you can go ask Cosmo.

WILLIS: (getting a soda out of the refrigerator and drinking it) Shut up. Where is she?

TOMMY: Wheres who?

WILLIS: Your sister.

TOMMY: Lula? I dont know. I was waiting to see her on the news. (points at new story on the silent television) What I tell you? Check it out.

(WILLIS tries to adjust the volume.)

TOMMY: The sounds busted. Looks like theyll find her before you do, pal.

WILLIS: Is that what you think? Thats not what I think. (touches screen image of LULA reverently, then turns off the TV) I miss her, Tommy. I miss her so bad. Thats why I came back.

TOMMY: Do I know you from somewhere?

WILLIS: Everything I see, I see her.

(WILLISs shirt is covered with blood.)

TOMMY: Jesus, man, youre bleeding.

WILLIS: (looking at blood on his hands) Even ugliness is beautiful because of her. (aims gun at TOMMY)

TOMMY: (scared) Okay, what are you doing?

WILLIS: You set us up, Tommy. You sold us out to the FBI.

TOMMY: (realizing, amazed) Dupre?

(Gunshot.)

(Commercial 1)




SCENE 9
CRIME SCENE
DESMOND ARMS RESIDENT HOTEL
(TOMMYs apartment next day. Crime scene. MULDER looks around while SCULLY talks to AGENT BRUSKIN.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: Neighbors heard a gunshot, but nobody bothered to check it out. The patrol guys responded this morning to an anonymous 911 and found him here, except the rats found him first. The victims name was Thomas Phillips.

SCULLY: Thats Lulas brother.

AGENT BRUSKIN: Well, theres not a lot of family resemblance left between the rats and the .45 he took in the face. (puts a piece of gum in his mouth) Oh, I hate this nicotine stuff.

SCULLY: Whats his story?

AGENT BRUSKIN: Hes single. Hes lived here alone for the past seven months. A few priors, small stuff, mostly  B and E, narcotics possession. Nothing like his big sister.

MULDER: Was the television turned on when they found him?

AGENT BRUSKIN: No. Why?

MULDER: I dont think Tommy was much a reader since he doesnt seem to have owned any books and from the position of the body, Id say maybe he was watching the tube when he was shot.

OFFICER DANIELS: Print kits right over there. Knock yourself out.

(Noise at front door as WILLIS confronts OFFICER DANIELS at the door. MULDER and SCULLY turn and look.)

WILLIS: Out of my way, Ace.

OFFICER DANIELS: Regulations state to gain access to a crime scene, you got to show me some ID.

MULDER: (to SCULLY) Looks like you were right.

SCULLY: Excuse me. (goes to door) Jack

(WILLIS looks at her and has flashback of her firing the shots that killed DUPRE.)

SCULLY: (to OFFICER DANIELS) Is there a problem here?

WILLIS: No, I just dont have any ID. And would you tell this gentleman who I am?

SCULLY: Its all right, Officer. This is Agent Jack Willis. Hes with the Violent Crimes Section of the Washington Bureau. (quietly leading WILLIS through the door) Come on. Lets talk out here.

OFFICER DANIELS: (letting WILLIS pass) I was just doing my job.

SCULLY: (quietly to WILLIS) For Gods sake, Willis, what happened? Half the Bureaus been looking for you. Where have you been?

WILLIS: I dont know. I just  wasnt myself. I just kinda woke up out in the street.

SCULLY: Im taking you back to the hospital. Youre in no shape to be ---

WILLIS: No, no, no way! Im staying right here.

SCULLY: Youre not ready to be here.

WILLIS: Who says?

SCULLY: Jack. Youre recovering from a major trauma. Its a miracle youre even able to walk around.

WILLIS: Look. This is Tommy Phillips place, right?

SCULLY: Jack 

WILLIS: Let me just ask you something. Was he killed with a .45?

SCULLY: As a matter of fact he was.

WILLIS: He was. Thats Lulas weapon of choice. I know these people. Ive been after them for a long time. Were halfway there.

SCULLY: (reluctantly giving in) You did open the book on this one.

WILLIS: Yeah. And Im gonna be there when its closed. (slams his fist into his palm)

SCULLY: All right. But as a colleague and as a friend Im recommending you undergo a full medical evaluation --- physical and psychological.

WILLIS: All right, fair enough.

(They join the others in the bedroom.)

MULDER: Jack, good to see you back among the living.

(MULDER shakes WILLIS hand, but watches him warily.)

WILLIS: Its good to be back.

AGENT BRUSKIN: (shaking WILLIS hand) Jack.

WILLIS: So what do we got here?

AGENT BRUSKIN: Mulder here found a print on the TV  a partial oblique  and its not the victims.

WILLIS: (looking at MULDER) Good work, Agent Mulder. Im impressed.

(MULDER watches WILLIS cross to the TV.)




SCENE 10
(FBI indoor shooting range. MULDER, fingers in his ears, comes up behind WILLIS who is shooting the target. WILLIS finishes the clip and pops it out of the gun.)

MULDER: Thats fancy shooting.

WILLIS: Yeah, well, I got to get recertified before they give me my weapon back.

MULDER: (looking at target) Well, by the looks of it, I wouldnt worry about recertification.

WILLIS: Is there anything else you wanted?

MULDER: Yeah. Its, uh, Scullys birthday and I was wondering if youd sign that for her.

(MULDER places a card on a table and carefully watches WILLIS for a reaction. Hands him a pen. WILLIS is relaxed.)

WILLIS: Sure. Be glad to. Im always glad to celebrate the good times.

(WILLIS signs the card with his left hand.)

WILLIS: There you go.




SCENE 11
(X-Files office. MULDER tosses the card on SCULLYs desk.)

MULDER: (smugly) Happy Birthday, Scully.

SCULLY: (confused) Youre two months early.

MULDER: Its from Willis. I thought you two had the same birthday.

SCULLY: We do.

MULDER: Well, thats news to him. I asked him to sign it. And he signed it with his left hand. (sits at his desk)

SCULLY: You mean you tested him.

MULDER: Yeah. After I found out that the evidence from the Phillips murder is missing.

SCULLY: What evidence?

MULDER: The print we lifted. Our best lead is gone. Someone stole it before the lab had a chance to take a look at it.

SCULLY: (crossing to MULDER) And you think Willis is responsible?

MULDER: Im not sure Willis is Willis. (SCULLY sighs and rolls her eyes.) Can you at least accept the possibility that during his near-death experience some kind of psychic transference occurred?

SCULLY: Cant you accept the possibility that this isnt an X-File? Aside from the expected level of post-trauma stress, Jack passed both of his evaluations --- physical and psychological. (defensively) Anyway, just because someone forgets a birthday doesnt mean that hes been possessed. When I was studying for my medical boards, I forgot my birthday too.

MULDER: Did you forget how to sign your name? This is a copy of the automobile requisition form Willis filed the day before he was shot. Compare the signatures.

(The two signatures are not even close.)

SCULLY: Like I said, Mulder, stress, all right? We both know it can significantly affect someones cursive standard. Im afraid this doesnt prove a thing.




SCENE 12
(WILLIS at his desk in VCU. Looks through file on the case. Is disturbed by the pictures of his dead body and of LULA. His phone rings.)

WILLIS: (into phone) Agent Willis here.

(WILLIS listens for a moment, then hangs up quickly and crosses to the door. SCULLY crosses over to him.)

SCULLY: Jack. Where are you going?

WILLIS: We got a break. A landlord in Boyle Heights thinks hes got our girl.

SCULLY: Hotline?

WILLIS: Yeah. Saw her picture in the post office. Heres the address.

SCULLY: Jack, can I ask you something?

WILLIS: Yeah, sure.

SCULLY: (difficult to ask) The Phillips murder. The print Mulder lifted off the television --- its missing.

WILLIS: And?

SCULLY: And  you were carrying the evidence back.

WILLIS: Are you implying something, Agent Scully? I dont know anything about any missing print. Now, Im ten minutes from closing the biggest case in my career. Are you coming?




SCENE 13
(Apartment building. WILLIS and SCULLY go up the stairs to apartment 202.)

WILLIS: Whats that apartment number again?

SCULLY: Number 202.

WILLIS: Oh, yeah. (knocks) Whats this guys name?

SCULLY: Multrevich.

WILLIS: Multrevich?

(WILLIS knocks at 202. MULTREVICH, large unkempt man, opens the door.)

WILLIS: Mr. Multrevich? Im from the FBI. Jack Willis. We spoke on the phone.

MULTREVICH: Oh, yeah.

WILLIS: (holds up picture of LULA) Have you ever seen this lady?

MULTREVICH: Yeah. 207. Two days ago. First and last month, cash.

SCULLY: Wheres 207?

MULTREVICH: Down the hallway, around the corner.

SCULLY: All right, Mr. Multrevich, we want you to go back inside your apartment and stay away from the windows.

(MULTREVICH closes the door. WILLIS and SCULLY walk down the hall.)

SCULLY: Wheres our back up? You said you called them, right?

WILLIS: Yeah, they should have been here ten minutes ago. She may be running down a fire escape, or something.

SCULLY: Im going to call in again.

(LULA opens the door at the end of the hall holding a basket of laundry.)

WILLIS: (sees LULA, grins widely, happy to see her) Look. Hey, thats her.

(LULA flings the basket to the floor and runs back down the stairs. SCULLY and WILLIS follow LULA down to the basement.)

WILLIS: (desperate) Where is she? Where did she go?

SCULLY: Ill check back here.

(Separately and silently they search the dark area for about a minute. LULA attacks SCULLY from behind. SCULLY tackles LULA and gets her face down on a mattress.)

SCULLY: Face down! Face down! Hands behind your back. Now!

(SCULLY gets LULA hand cuffed, then still sitting on LULA turns her head to WILLIS who has come up behind them.)

SCULLY: Shes all yours, Jack.

WILLIS: (looking at LULA) Yeah, like a dog on a leash.

(LULA looks up at WILLIS sharply. WILLIS tosses his handcuffs onto the mattress beside SCULLY.)

SCULLY: (warily) I already cuffed her.

WILLIS: Theyre for you, Scully. Put them on.

SCULLY: Whats going on, Jack?

WILLIS: (aiming his gun at SCULLY) Put them on, or Ill blow you in half.

SCULLY: Jack 

WILLIS: Shut up! Put them on.

(SCULLY, staring at Jack, slowly puts the cuffs on her own wrists. WILLIS goes to LULA and tenderly touches her face.)

WILLIS: Come on, baby. Come on, get up, baby. I want to look at you. Your face is all dirty.

LULA: (trying to push him away) Keep your stinking hands off me.

WILLIS: Baby, you aint going to believe where I been.

(SCULLY watches them.)




SCENE 14
(LULA and DUPREs apartment. WILLIS is talking to LULA who is packing suitcases. SCULLY is handcuffed to the radiator. Her lip is swollen and bloodied)

WILLIS: Sure its crazy. You dont think I know its crazy? This isnt my face, these arent my hands, but its me in here. And I know you, I know everything about you, baby. Come on, ask me something. Your birthdays April 7th. Your favorite color is red. Come on. Come on, ask me something else. Come on, ask me.

LULA: (not convinced) Okay. Okay, what did we do after we got married?

WILLIS: (suggestively) Right after?

LULA: After that.

WILLIS: Well, we went down to the beach. I took out my buck knife and I sliced open my palm and then I slit open your palm  (takes her hand) and we let the blood drip down in the water.

LULA: Then what did you say to me?

WILLIS: I said, "This is so we can be married in all the oceans of the world." (kisses her hand) And then I made you a solemn oath  (holds up wedding ring) to never take this ring off my finger. (puts it on) Ever. I mean to keep that promise.

LULA: (shakes her head and pulls away) This is  this is just too weird. I cant believe its really you.

WILLIS: Dont worry, baby. It wont make any difference in the dark.

(WILLIS begins kissing her neck. She looks uncomfortable.)




SCENE 15
(MULDER and AGENT BRUSKIN coming out of MULTREVICHs apartment.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: Thank you sir, well be in touch.

MULTREVICH: When do I get my reward?

AGENT BRUSKIN: Well call you.

(MULTREVICH goes back inside.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: Now *Im* worried. 12 hours with no word. I dont get it. Whys their car still sitting out front? Why didnt Willis call for backup?

MULDER: Because it wasnt Willis who answered the hot line.

AGENT BRUSKIN: What are you talking about? You heard the recording. It was Willis voice.

MULDER: (tense) Forget it, Bruskin.

AGENT BRUSKIN: Plus which, the manager just IDd him and Scully.

MULDER: (really tense) I said forget it, Bruskin.

(They get out to the car.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: This isnt one of your X-File theories, is it?

MULDER: It doesnt matter what I think. Were still after the same thing. (MULDERs cell phone rings. He answers it.) Mulder.

VOICE: (on phone) FBI Centrex Operator. Please hold.

MULDER: (on phone) Yeah.

WILLIS: (voice, on phone) Guess who, Ace?

MULDER: (on phone) Willis?

WILLIS: (on phone) That depends on who you ask, dont it?

MULDER: (on phone) Wheres Scully?

WILLIS: (on phone) Youre the FBI. You figure it out.

MULDER: (on phone) Let me talk to her.

WILLIS: (on phone) Yeah. Sure. (puts phone to SCULLYs ear)

SCULLY: (into phone) Mulder?

MULDER: (on phone) Dana, are you okay?

SCULLY: (into phone) Dont --- (WILLIS pulls the phone away)

MULDER: (voice, on phone) Dana?

WILLIS: Okay. Thats it. Good-bye. (hangs up)

SCULLY: Its not going to work, Jack.

WILLIS: You dont think so?

SCULLY: Bureau policy prohibits negotiating with kidnappers. But you already know that, dont you, Jack?

WILLIS: Stop calling me that!

SCULLY: Your name is Jack Willis. You were born February 23, 1957. You live at 51 Stanhope ---

WILLIS: My name is Warren James Dupre. And I was born in Klamath Falls, Oregon in the Year of the Rat.

SCULLY: We spent a weekend up at Pine Barrens. You taught me how to fish through the ice. It was your parents cabin. Jack, try to remember. We drove up in a snowstorm. Come on, Jack.

(WILLIS, breathing heavily, has flashes of driving in snow. Brushes the image away and turns angrily back to SCULLY.)

WILLIS: Dont think I didnt see what you did. I was like a little slip of paper up there on that hospital ceiling. I saw everything.

SCULLY: What did you see?

WILLIS: You left me to die on that table while you tried to save your friend!

SCULLY: You *are* my friend.

WILLIS: Too bad he was gone already. I watched him go. I just saw him slip away down that long, black tunnel.

SCULLY: No. We brought you back.

WILLIS: You shot me dead! And then you let me die.

SCULLY: No. You wont kill me, Jack.

WILLIS: (pushes gun into her side) You call me that one more time Ill make you stone-cold.

(LULA enters the room.)

LULA: Easy, baby, easy. Not yet. Remember, shes our ticket.

WILLIS: (taking an empty can of soda from LULA tips it up to drink the last drops) Got any more of this soda?

LULA: You just drank the last of it.

SCULLY: (realization) Soda. How much of that have you had?

WILLIS: Whats it to you?

SCULLY: Jack Willis is diabetic. Which means youre diabetic. Too much sugar in the system could lead to hyperglycemia.

LULA: Maybe thats why your stomachs hurting so bad.

SCULLY: Abdominal pain is the first sign of impending diabetic coma. You need insulin.




SCENE 16
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC
(X-Files office. MULDER, alone, listening to WILLISs field notes and looking through the file.)

WILLIS: (voice on tape) I feel myself getting into their heads and I'm scared by what I'm feeling. The intoxicating freedom that comes from disconnecting action and consequence. Theirs is a world where nothing matters but their own needs, their own impossible appetites and while the pleasure they derive from acts of violence is clearly sexual, it also speaks to what Warden Jackson called their operatic devotion to each other. It's a love affair I almost envy.

(MULDERs beeper goes off. He looks at it.)




SCENE 17
(Later, MULDER, using a detailed map, is briefing a room full of agents.)

MULDER: Katensville PD just reported a drugstore was broken into right here on the corner of Old Forge Road and Madison and Im betting that Scully is somewhere within this five mile radius.

AGENT BRUSKIN: Am I missing something?

MULDER: 200 units of NPH insulin were taken with a box of syringes. Willis is diabetic.

AGENT BRUSKIN: Get me a census report. Lets see how many households were talking about.




SCENE 18
(LULA and DUPREs apartment. SCULLY, released from the radiator, empties a bag of insulin bottles and syringes on the table and begins opening a package.)

WILLIS: (desperate, weak voice) Quick,. quick, quick. My legs are starting to go numb.

SCULLY: Hold on.

(LULA draws gun on SCULLY and pushes the insulin to the floor.)

WILLIS: What the hell ?

LULA: (to SCULLY) Drop the needle.

SCULLY: Without this medicine, he dies.

LULA: Yes, so you said. Now, put it down  unless you want me to put you down with it.

(SCULLY drops the medicine.)

WILLIS: What the hell are you doing, Lula? I need that medicine.

LULA: You still havent figured it out, have you?

WILLIS: Figured what out?

LULA: It wasnt my brother who set you up.

WILLIS: (realizing) You?

LULA: Yeah, me. How do you think I got away so clean, huh? The minute you stepped into that bank I was out of there. I got the money, and I got rid of you. At least I thought I did.

(LULA steps on the bottle of insulin, shattering it. WILLIS moans in pain.)




SCENE 19
(FBI headquarters. Phone rings.)

PHONE AGENT: (on phone) Tactical. (listens a moment, then to room) This is it.

(MULDER takes the phone.)

MULDER: (on phone) Mulder.

LULA: (on phone, voice) Listen carefully.

MULDER: (on phone) Wheres Willis?

LULA: (on phone, voice) Oh, he's lying around here somewhere.

MULDER: (on phone) Let me talk to Scully.

LULA: (on phone) Not this time.

MULDER: (on phone) We dont deal unless we know Scully is alive.

LULA: (on phone) Shes alive. Shes not happy, but shes alive.

MULDER: (on phone, threatening) You listen to me --- you lay one hand on Scully, and so help me, God ----

LULA: (on phone) If I were you, Id stop talking and start passing around the collection hat cause if you ever want to see Scully again its going to cost you a million dollars. Have it by this time tomorrow. I'll tell you when and where. (hangs up)

PHONE AGENT: (who has been tracing the call) We got it. Its a 202 number.

AGENT BRUSKIN: Great. Get the address.

MULDER: (looking at paper, then crumpling it) Forget it. Its Scullys cellular number. Theyre using her phone. We cant trace them. (angrily throws the wadded paper across the room.)




SCENE 20
FBI HADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC
(MULDER with TECH in the sound lab listening to LULAs recorded voice.)

LULA: (voice) Shes not happy, but shes alive. If I were you, I'd stop talking and start passing around the collection hat.

TECH: That last part, right?

MULDER: Yeah, but can you squelch the voice even more this time?

TECH: Yep. (adjusts dials) Done.

LULA: (voice) If I were you, I'd stop talking and start passing around the collection hat.

TECH: Yep. Yeah. Theres something there. Definitely something at the high end. Let me throw on an extra Z -14 filter and isolate everything over half a decibel.

LULA: (voice) If I were you, I'd stop talking and start passing around the collection hat.

(There is a motor sound audible under her voice.)

MULDER: There. That engine sound.

TECH: Lets clean it up some more.

LULA: (voice) If I were you, I'd stop talking and start passing around the collection hat.

(Motor sound very audible.)

MULDER: Is that a small plane?

TECH: Taking off, by the sound of it. Give me a couple more minutes. Well guesstimate the altitude within a couple hundred feet.

MULDER: (under his breath) Great!

(Later, briefing room.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: (getting off phone) All right, people, settle down and grab a seat. ("here he goes again, lets put up with him" tone) Mulder says hes got something.

AGENT WESTIN: What? An alien virus or new information on the Kennedy assassination?

AGENT BRUSKIN: Hey, Mulders all right. You should pay attention. You might learn something from the man.

(MULDER enters and goes straight to the map.)

MULDER: Okay, from our last phone contact weve identified what sounds like light aircraft taking off. Now, Washington County Regional Airport happens to fall within our area, just south of the state line. Since takeoffs are north to south its a fair bet that our target area lies along this flight path. For those of you who remember ninth-grade math that gives us an area of just over three square miles to cover --- roughly 1000 households. With 100 law enforcement officials at our disposal at about 30 households per man per hour we should be able to canvass the entire area in about three hours. Agent Bruskin will grid the target area and divide it among the teams.

(Agents all begin to get up, talking.)

MULDER: And for those of you ---who dont know already (voice unsteady) this ones important to me. So, uh, lets do it right. Thanks.

(Quiet for a moment, then AGENT BRUSKIN begins reading off assignments.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: Let me see Steinburg, Calder, and Westin.




SCENE 21
(Apartment, morning. WILLIS still lying in the corner, SCULLY handcuffed again to the radiator, sleeping.)

WILLIS: Scully?

SCULLY: (waking) Hmn? Huh?

WILLIS: Was there snow?

SCULLY: Yes, Jack. There was lots of snow.

WILLIS: I cant 

SCULLY: It was December. It was the weekend after Thanksgiving.

WILLIS: I remember ---- a red stove.

SCULLY: (encouraging him) Yeah. Thats right. There was a wood-burning stove right in the middle of the room.

WILLIS: Cold.

SCULLY: Yeah.

WILLIS: So cold. I remember I had to wrap you in a blanket when the wood ran out.

SCULLY: (fondly) Yeah.

(WILLIS slumps to the side.)

SCULLY: No! Jack, dont close your eyes. Come on, keep talking. Jack, keep talking. Come on.

DUPRE: (flashback to the bank) Get down on the floor! Get over there!

WILLIS: (sudden angry) Im gonna execute every one of you!

SCULLY: No. No.

(Psychic!SCULLY sees DUPRE for a moment instead of WILLIS.)

DUPRE: Shut up and do it!

(SCULLY looks again, but his head is in shadow.)

(Knock at door in the other room. Holding a gun, LULA answers the door.)

LULA: Just a second. Who is it?

BIBLE SALESMAN: This is Brother T. Could I speak with you for just one moment, please?

LULA: What do you want?

BIBLE SALESMAN: Just a few minutes of your time, maam. Beautiful day, isnt it? I wonder if I can interest you in the Word of the Lord --- leather bound in black or red your choice.

LULA: (closing door) Go away.

(Outside, BIBLE SALESMAN aka UNDERCOVER COP, speaks into his radio.)

BIBLE COP: This is one-four. Target sighted.

(Utility truck moves into position.)

(Inside, LULA goes into the room with WILLIS and SCULLY.)

LULA: Well, I guess its time to make that call.

SCULLY: Hes dead. Its all on you now. Hes dead because of you.

LULA: (kneeling down in front of WILLIS, not sad) Well  guess its over. Whoever you are.

(WILLIS grabs the gun from LULA and points it at her. She falls back in surprise.)

WILLIS: Dont move.

SCULLY: Jack!

WILLIS: Shut up!

LULA: I love you. Dont you know? Youre why I came back.

(Outside, agents are all moving into position.)

AGENT WESTIN: (on utility truck cherry picker, into radio) This is Westin. They battened down the hatches. Theres no clear shot from this side. What about you guys?

(MULDER looks up to an agent on the roof who shakes his head.)

MULDER: (into radio) Ditto. Hold your positions. Keep radios at two.

(Agents surround the house. AGENT BRUSKIN joins MULDER.)

MULDER: How do we look?

AGENT BRUSKIN: Backups in but we still dont know whats going on in there.

MULDER: We will soon enough.

(Inside the house, LULA is desperately trying to calm WILLIS.)

LULA: I kept a bottle of medicine in the other room. Ill go get it. What do you say, huh? (crawls over to him and begins stroking his face) Ill get it for you. Look, look, look. I love you. I love you, baby.

WILLIS: No.

LULA: Listen, listen, listen. We still have her. We can get away with this.

WILLIS: I dont think so, baby. Not this time.

SCULLY: Jack, put the gun down.

WILLIS: (holding LULA tight to him) You remember that --- light that I talked about? Its beautiful. Theres nothing to be afraid of.

(He shoots LULA in the stomach as he kisses her.)

SCULLY: No!

(MULDER and other agents burst into the house.)

AGENT BRUSKIN: All right, FBI! FBI!

SCULLY: Jack!

MULDER: FB ----

(AGENT BRUSKIN checks WILLIS, MULDER goes to SCULLY, still cuffed to the radiator.)

MULDER: (concerned) Scully, are you okay?

SCULLY: (not looking at MULDER) Jack!?

(AGENT BRUSKIN shakes his head, and steps away from WILLIS body. MULDER and SCULLY watch the tattoo on WILLIS arm fade away.)




SCENE 22
(SCULLY is cleaning out WILLIS desk. MULDER comes up to her.)

MULDER: Hi. I got this from the morgue along with the rest of his personal effects. I thought you might want it.

(He hands her a watch with an inscription on the back.)

SCULLY: "Happy 35th, Love D." I got it for him three years ago.

MULDER: (indicating box on the desk) Next of kin?

SCULLY: Uh .. no. Jack was an only child. Both his parents died when he was in college. Theres a kid over in Parklawn. Jacks been his Big Brother so Im going to go and see him tomorrow. What am I going to tell him?

MULDER: (bitterly) The official story.

SCULLY: Which is?

MULDER: Fugitive Lula Phillips died yesterday in a shoot-out with federal agents which also resulted in the death of Special Agent Jack Willis  killed in the line of duty.

SCULLY: (sighs, looks away and sits) What am I supposed to tell myself?

MULDER: (starts to leave) Good night.

SCULLY: (looks at watch) Its not working. It stopped. At 6:47.

MULDER: (turns back to her) The exact time that Jack went into cardiac arrest at the hospital.

SCULLY: What does that mean?

MULDER: It means  It means whatever you want it to mean. (gently) Good night.

(MULDER leaves.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
TASHMOO FEDERAL CORRECTION FACILITY
PENNSYLVANIA, 1989
(A wheelchair-bound man named Joe Crandell slowly rolls down a hallway past an empty bed that intrigues him. He hears screaming and rolls down in that direction. The screaming grows louder as he approaches a door. Opening it up, he slowly wheels in. He sees Doctor Ridley working over a man named John Barnett.)

JOE CRANDELL: What are you doing to Barnett?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Excuse me?

JOE CRANDELL: What are you doing to Johnny?

(Ridley puts down his knife.)

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Go on back to your ward. There's nothing you can do for your friend now.

JOE CRANDELL: What?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: John Barnett is dead.

JOE CRANDELL: No, I heard him screaming.

(Ridley picks up a knife and walks over to him, then puts the knife up under Crandell's neck.)

JOSEPH RIDLEY: I said John Barnett is dead. You understand?

(Crandell nods and goes to leave. Barnett looks at him with dead, dull eyes, his pupils completely blue.)

Go on, Crandell, get out of here. There's nothing more to see here. You understand?

(Barnett blinks. Crandell leaves. Barnett blinks again.)




SCENE 2
WASHINGTON, D.C.; PRESENT DAY
(Mulder and Scully get out of their car and start into the jewelry store.)

SCULLY: I still don't get it. What does this have to do with us?

MULDER: Robbing a jewelry store is a federal crime.

SCULLY: Thank you.

MULDER: I don't know. I got a call from some guy I used to work with over at the violent crimes section, said it was important.

(The coroner wheels away a victim as Mulder and Scully walk over to Agent Reggie Purdue. Mulder starts chanting.)

MULDER: Reggie! Reggie!

(They shake hands.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Mulder, God, I hate it when you do that.

MULDER: This is Special Agent Scully. Reggie Purdue.

(Scully and Purdue shake hands.)

REGGIE PURDUE: How are you?

SCULLY: What happened here?

REGGIE PURDUE: Lone gunman took out a salesgirl after she filled up a bag for him.

MULDER: You guys turn up anything?

REGGIE PURDUE: Not much... except... this. It's going to blow your mind.

MULDER: Why?

REGGIE PURDUE: I'm telling you, Mulder, this is going to blow... your... mind.

(He hands Mulder an evidence bag with a piece of paper in it. Mulder reads the paper.)

SCULLY: What is it?

MULDER: Wait, wait a second...

REGGIE PURDUE: You see why I called you?

MULDER: What about witness descriptions?

REGGIE PURDUE: White male, five-eleven to six feet, ski mask.

(Mulder stares at him.)

MULDER: Damn it, Reggie, that's Barnett.

REGGIE PURDUE: Yeah, but it can't be.

SCULLY: Who's Barnett?

(They stare at her. Mulder and Scully walk out.)

MULDER: It was my first case at the bureau. Barnett was doing armed jobs all over D.C. and getting away with it, very trigger-happy. Killed seven people. There was this big task force, Reggie was my ASAC. I was twenty-eight years old, right out of the academy. I had this theory on the case. Reggie thought I was full of it. I was full of it.

SCULLY: What was the theory?

MULDER: That Barnett had an inside connection. An employee at the armored car company was tipping him off about large shipments of cash. Turns out I was sort of right.

SCULLY: Sort of?

MULDER: Yeah, we planted bogus waybills, manifests with the armored car company to try to set a trap but Barnett was way ahead of us. That's... when the notes started.

(They stop walking. He hands Scully the bag with the note in it.)

SCULLY: "Fox can't guard the chicken coop."

MULDER: Clever, huh?

SCULLY: So you never caught him?

MULDER: No, we did. We did, but not, uh, not clean. An agent died because I screwed up.

(She stares at him for a second.)

SCULLY: And what happened to Barnett?

MULDER: He avoided the death penalty on a technicality. But he went down for every job he did. Consecutive terms, three-hundred-and-forty years. The judge promised me he would die in prison.

SCULLY: So you think he escaped?

MULDER: No, that's just it. He did die in prison, four years ago.

SCULLY: You're sure?

MULDER: I was paying attention.

(He walks away.)




SCENE 3
CRIME LABS
(Agent Henderson is looking at the note under an electron-emission note. Mulder is looking as well through a second pair of lenses on the same machine.)

HENDERSON: This guy a friend of yours?

MULDER: Yeah, I play golf with him every Sunday. What do you think?

HENDERSON: You just brought this in ten minutes ago.

MULDER: You're slipping, Henderson.

HENDERSON: Ten minutes may be enough time for you, Mulder. Of course, I wouldn't know that from personal experience.

(Mulder looks at her, sitting down.)

MULDER: Yeah... seriously, what do you think?

HENDERSON: Okay, first impressions... the ink is fresh, the note was written in the last forty-eight hours. Ballpoint, but you knew that. A right-hander. Let's see... written by someone sitting down, but now I'm just showing off.

MULDER: Yeah, does it match Barnett?

HENDERSON: I'd say it's him.

MULDER: But you're not sure?

(Henderson looks at him.)

HENDERSON: Ninety-five percent. The writing's sloppy. Some of the ascenders and descenders are heavier.

MULDER: Could it have been traced over an old note of Barnett's?

HENDERSON: Could be, but it's a damn good job if it is.

MULDER: Thanks, Henderson, I owe you one.

HENDERSON: Promises, promises.

(Mulder leaves.)




SCENE 4
REGGIE PURDUE'S OFFICE
(Scully and Purdue are watching a video of the stake-out where they caught Barnett. Agents surround the track as Barnett steps out, holding a gun to his partner's head.)

REGGIE PURDUE: There's Barnett. We staked-out an airport warehouse but everything went to hell when Barnett took the driver of the armored truck hostage.

(Mulder sneaks up behind Barnett.)

SCULLY: Where's Mulder?

REGGIE PURDUE: There, coming around back. Barnett doesn't see him.

SCULLY: He's got a clear shot.

REGGIE PURDUE: Yeah, he should've taken it.

SCULLY: But he couldn't.

REGGIE PURDUE: No, no, not with a hostage so close.

SCULLY: Because it's not by the book.

REGGIE PURDUE: It would have saved one life, maybe two. Bastard Barnett just started blasting away.

(Reggie stands. In the video, Barnett shoots his hostage then another agent before Mulder tags him twice.)

SCULLY: So, Mulder did shoot Barnett.

REGGIE PURDUE: Twice, in the shoulder and hand but not before Barnett killed the driver and Agent Steve Wallenberg. Mulder never forgave himself for that. You should have heard his testimony at Barnett's trial.

SCULLY: Probably had a lot to do with the sentence the judge gave Barnett.

REGGIE PURDUE: I'll never forget Mulder coming down from the witness stand and Barnett turning and saying he'd get Mulder. To tell you the truth, I wish Mulder had killed Barnett right there in the warehouse.

(He walks away. On the video is a still shot of the agents hovering over Barnett.)




SCENE 5
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder takes a print-out out of the printer as Scully walks over.)

SCULLY: What did Henderson come up with?

MULDER: Ninety-five percent sure it's Barnett's handwriting.

(Scully looks at the paper.)

SCULLY: What's that?

MULDER: Federal Bureau of Prisons sent me a copy of his death certificate. "Name of deceased, Barnett, John Irvin. Cause of death, cardiac arrest. Date, September sixteenth, 1989."

(They start off.)

SCULLY: Then it must be a very clever copycat.

MULDER: The note was written in the last forty-eight hours.

SCULLY: Pull any prints?

MULDER: No prints.

SCULLY: Barnett had a lot of time on his hands while he was in prison, maybe he planned it with someone on the outside.

(Mulder opens the door to an office.)

MULDER: Revenge from the grave? That'd be a neat trick.

SCULLY: He planned to get you, didn't he?

(Mulder stares at her.)

I was just down talking to Agent Purdue.

MULDER: And he showed you the videotape?

(She nods.)

SCULLY: You did the right thing, Mulder.

MULDER: Did I? Steve Wallenberg had a wife and two kids. One of his boys is an all-star on his football team now. If I had pulled the trigger two seconds earlier and Wallenberg would be here to see his kid play. Instead, I got some dead man robbing jewelry stores and sending me haikus.

(He walks into the office.)




SCENE 6
FOOTBALL FIELD
(A young football team is playing in the mud. The coach is out on the field watching. The kids shout to one another. Parents watch on the bleachers. Mulder also sits there.)

COACH: Fire it in there!

(The quarterback throws a pass to his reciever.)

Yeah, that's better!

WOMAN: Very good! Way to go, Alex!

COACH: Hustle it up! Come on, guys, line it up. Let's go.

QUARTERBACK: Down! Set! Hut!

(The boys run another play.)

COACH: Go, go, go! You're the man, there it is!

(The quarterback fires another shot to the receiver.)

WOMAN: Very good!

COACH: That was over the line, let's go! Okay, watch the ball.

(Mulder starts off. He passes a strange man, heavily dressed. He walks over to his car as the screams fade. A package is on his car seat. He opens the door and takes it. Opening it up, he sees surveillance photos and a note that reads "A hunted Fox eventually dies." Mulder shuffles through the surveillance photos and looks around for Barnett.)

MULDER: I'll get you, you son of a bitch!

(The parents and kids on the bleachers look back at him. Mulder gets in his car and drives off. The strange man looks back at him, eyes glazed over, pupils completely blue and dead.)




SCENE 7
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Purdue, sitting at his desk, looks through the various pictures that were in the envelope.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Agent Mulder, and I think that somebody is messing with your head.

MULDER: Barnett said he'd get me, you were there.

REGGIE PURDUE: I don't care what Barnett said, he's dead, Mulder.

MULDER: Apparently not.

REGGIE PURDUE: Aw, come on. Let me tell you something, there are a lot of guys who know that Barnett made the threat.

MULDER: It's Barnett, Reggie.

REGGIE PURDUE: How could you say that?

MULDER: I don't know, I just feel it.

(Purdue stands and signals to a man, who walks out. Purdue closes the door.)

REGGIE PURDUE: You know, all this talk about you, about "Spooky" Mulder, I never used to pay it much mind. I figured it was just talk about how paranoid you were and all.

MULDER: And now?

REGGIE PURDUE: Remember the day you walked into my office wet from Quantico? You pissed me off just looking at you but then I saw how your mind worked. How you were always three jumps ahead. It was scary, Mulder. Everybody said so.

MULDER: I've heard this story.

(Mulder turns, but Reggie grabs his arm and turns him back around.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Yeah, well, maybe you ought to hear it again. You let a lot of people down here in the bureau. They had big plans for you. A lot of people are saying that "Spooky" Mulder has become an embarrassment, a liability.

MULDER: What? Are you saying that somebody from the bureau's behind this?

REGGIE PURDUE: Maybe, maybe not. It's always best to cover your ass in any event.

(Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: Sorry. This was just faxed.

(She hands Purdue a paper.)

This is a copy of John Barnett's last will and testament. No surviving relatives, left what little he had to another prisoner... a Joe Crandall... and instructions for his body to be cremated. His will was executed six months after his death and this document states that his ashes were spread along the bank of the Delaware River by an employee of the crematory used by the prison.

REGGIE PURDUE: It's like I said, I think somebody's messing with your head.

MULDER: Killing a sales clerk just to leave me a note? I'd say that's going a little out of your way.

(He picks up the pictures and leaves.)




SCENE 8
COMPUTER LAB
(Mulder is sitting next to the computer technician. On the screen is a picture of Barnett with the words "Subject: Barnett, John.")

MULDER: He's older now, he may have put on some weight.

COMPUTER TECHNICIAN: How much older?

MULDER: Five years.

(She presses some keys and on the screen, Barnett's face grows older and thinner.)

He could be wearing any kind of disguise.

(She presses some more keys and Barnett grows a beard. Mulder stands and thinks back to his day in court. He sits on the stand as the prosecutor walks around.)

PROSECUTOR: Take us back to the day in question. Was it your impression, Agent Mulder, that John Barnett took a kind of a perverse pleasure in his crimes? Didn't he send you notes to taunt you?

(She glares at Barnett as she passes him by.)

MULDER: Yes, I felt that he was, uh, daring us to catch him. That he killed his victims almost as if it were part of a game.

PROSECUTOR: Describe for the court if you would, Agent Mulder, what happened when you finally caught John Barnett.

MULDER: We had a customs warehouse at the airport staked out. Now, we knew that Barnett had someone working for the armored car transport tipping him off about large cash shipments but we never figured that he would actually be inside the vehicle when it arrived. That's how Barnett was able to take the driver of the vehicle hostage.

PROSECUTOR: In other words, John Barnett used his own accomplice as a hostage?

MULDER: Yes, ma'am.

(He nods slightly. The judge is taking down notes.)

PROSECUTOR: And then what happened?

MULDER: We surrounded Barnett. We ordered him to surrender his hostage and his weapon.

PROSECUTOR: And where were you at this time, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: I was right behind Barnett.

PROSECUTOR: With a clear shot at the suspect?

(Mulder hesitates, then nods and speaks softly.)

MULDER: Yes, ma'am.

PROSECUTOR: But you didn't fire. Why?

MULDER: Well, it's against F.B.I. regulations to unnecessarily endanger the life of a hostage.

(Purdue, in the front row, looks at Barnett at his seat at the defense table. Barnett, wearing handcuffs, seems to take great pleasure in Mulder's testimony.)

And I thought that with no means of escape, Barnett would give up.

PROSECUTOR: But what happened instead?

MULDER: The suspect, uh, John Barnett, fired his weapon point-blank at the hostage and then he turned his gun on Steve Wallenberg... shot him in the face.

(Mulder's resolve starts to break.)

PROSECUTOR: Thank you, Agent Mulder. No further questions at this time.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: He gunned him down just for spite.

DEFENSE LAWYER: Your honor, we object...

JUDGE: Witness will step down.

MULDER: This is a man with a wife and two small children...

(The judge bangs her gavel.)

JUDGE: Please step down...

MULDER: ...and you, you shot him without hesitation, without conscience, without an ounce of humanity.

(The judge continues to bang the gavel.)

DEFENSE LAWYER: Your honor, do something.

MULDER: Which is why you should die like an animal, you son of a bitch!

JUDGE: Agent Mulder, if you do not stop, I will find you in contempt of court.

(Barnett takes a sip of his water and smiles at Mulder. The crowd continues to murmur.)

Order, order in the court.

(Mulder steps down. The crowd continues to murmur and the judge continues to bang the gavel.)

If there is not order in this court, I will be forced to clear the courtroom.

DEFENSE LAWYER: Your honor, the defense finds they are highly irregular and inflammatory against the defendant now and we ask that they be stricken from the record.

(Mulder stops and glares at Barnett before sitting down.)

JUDGE: Duly noted, counsel. The jury will disregard the witness' last...

(Barnett looks at Mulder as he sits down next to Purdue. He whispers the words.)

JOHN BARNETT: I'll... get... you.

(He winks and blows a kiss, then turns around. Purdue mouths some words to Mulder as Barnett turns around. The present. Mulder leans over to the computer specialist.)

MULDER: I'll need printouts of every variation.

COMPUTER SPECIALIST: Right.

(Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: I just got off the phone with the prison.

MULDER: What did they come up with?

SCULLY: No, I called them on a hunch. John Barnett died of a heart attack, right? At least that's what it says on his death certificate. Well, I had them fax me all of his medical records. Barnett was admitted to the prison infirmary for an infection in his right hand. There isn't any indication or diagnosis of coronary complications. In fact, on his physical six months earlier, he was given a clean bill of health.




SCENE 9
TASHMOO FEDERAL CORRECTIONAL FACILITY
(An inmate standing next to Crandall points at Mulder and Scully in the doorway.)

INMATE: Crandall. Someone to see you.

(Mulder and Scully walk on either side of Crandall, still in his wheelchair.)

JOE CRANDALL: I don't get many visitors.

MULDER: You knew John Barnett?

JOE CRANDALL: Yes, sir.

MULDER: How well did you know him?

(A guard walks by Scully, squeezing past her.)

GUARD: Excuse me, ma'am.

JOE CRANDALL: Pretty well.

SCULLY: He left you everything he had in his will. You must've known him better than pretty well.

JOE CRANDALL: Used to change his bandages, and we just got to... know each other.

MULDER: Are you aware that Barnett died of cardiac arrest in this facility in 1989?

JOE CRANDALL: Cardiac arrest? Where does it say that?

SCULLY: On his death certificate.

(They stop.)

JOE CRANDALL: He ain't dead, is he?

MULDER: Why do you say that?

JOE CRANDALL: Last time I saw John Barnett, it was right in that room over there.

(He nods towards a door.)

Doctor working on him with a knife took his bad hand clean off.

SCULLY: What doctor?

MULDER: Was it Doctor Ridley?

JOE CRANDALL: Yeah, yeah, it was Doctor Ridley, that's the one. He told me Johnny was dead but, uh, I knew it was a lie. Put a knife right up under my chin just for asking.

SCULLY: How could you tell Barnett wasn't dead?

(Crandall takes a deep breath.)

JOE CRANDALL: I saw him looking at me. I saw him blink. Man, I'll never forget those eyes.




SCENE 10
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Jail photos are posted on the light screen as Mulder feeds the clip into his gun.)

SCULLY: What are you going to do?

MULDER: I know what I'm not going to do. I'm not going to hang around and wait for Barnett to send me another valentine.

SCULLY: You mean the ghost of John Barnett.

MULDER: I didn't know you believe in ghosts, Scully.

(The phone rings. Scully walks over and picks it up.)

SCULLY: Hello? Yeah, just a minute.

(She looks back at Mulder.)

It's for you.

(He walks over and takes the phone.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Barnett, who is completely shrouded in shadow except for portions of his face.)

JOHN BARNETT: Fox Mulder.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: Barnett?

(He signals to Scully.)

SCULLY: All right, all right...

(She runs off to trace the call.)

JOHN BARNETT: You sound surprised.

(He goes over to his tape recorder and presses record.)

MULDER: Well, you know, shouldn't I be?

JOHN BARNETT: You know, it's illegal to tape another's phone call...

(Cut back to Barnett.)

...without their express permission. Isn't that what they call it?

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: In some states. What makes you think I'm taping you?

JOHN BARNETT: Same thing makes me think you're putting a trace on this call.

MULDER: What state are you in?

(Cut back to Barnett.)

JOHN BARNETT: The same state you are. I stood next to you in line for coffee this morning.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: I don't think so.

(Cut back to Barnett, who laughs.)

JOHN BARNETT: Man, I'm everywhere you are. Everywhere. I own you.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: How do I know it's really you, Barnett?

(Cut to Barnett.)

JOHN BARNETT: What did I say to you in the courtroom? Did you ever... doubt me?

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: I don't know, what did you tell me in the courtroom?

(Cut back to Barnett.)

JOHN BARNETT: Huh... if you think you're going to keep me on this phone with this clumsy act...

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Listen, by all accounts, John Barnett is a dead man.

(Cut to Barnett.)

JOHN BARNETT: Oh, you're the dead man... Mulder.

(Cut to Mulder, who tenses up a little.)

MULDER: Fine. I just need confirmation that you are who you say you are.

(Cut back to Barnett.)

JOHN BARNETT: You want confirmation? You got it.

(He blows a kiss and hangs up. Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Barnett? You there?

(He slams the phone down. Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: You lost him.

MULDER: Yeah, he was hip to the trace.

SCULLY: Was it Barnett?

MULDER: John Barnett was from New Hampshire. He had a slight accent. Listen to this.

(He stops the recorder and rewinds it, then presses stop and play.)

MULDER ON RECORDER: I just need confirmation that you are who you say you are.

JOHN BARNETT ON RECORDER: You want confirmation? You got it.

(Mulder stops the recording and snaps his fingers.)

SCULLY: What did he mean by that?

MULDER: I don't know, but that is... John Barnett. I'm sure of it.




SCENE 11
AGENT REGGIE PURDUE'S HOUSE
(Purdue lays asleep in his bed, having fallen asleep reading. His crime book is still in his hand and his glasses are half on his face. The phone rings and he wakes up.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Oh...

(His glasses fall to the floor as he picks up the phone.)

Yeah.

MULDER: Reggie, it's Mulder.

REGGIE PURDUE: Mulder, what do you want? It's the middle of the night.

(Cut to Mulder, who looks at his watch and smiles.)

MULDER: IT'S ONLY 10:45, old man.

(Cut back to Purdue.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Yeah, well... I was sleeping.

MULDER: Listen, Reggie, it doesn't look like Barnett's dead after all.

REGGIE PURDUE: Now what?

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: I got an inmate at the prison who swears he saw Barnett alive the night they say he died.

(Cut to Purdue as he sits up.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Mulder, go home. Get some rest.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: No, listen, Reggie, there's just one thing that doesn't make sense to me.

(Cut to Purdue. A shadow creeps down his hallway in the back.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Yeah, what's that?

MULDER: That Agent Henderson said that that note that was left at the jewelry store was written by a right-hander.

(The person steps into the bedroom silently.)

REGGIE PURDUE: Yeah, so?

MULDER: Well, this inmate at the prison swears he saw Barnett's right hand amputated.

(The person, Barnett, steps on Purdue's glasses and wraps his deformed right hand around Purdue's throat, choking him. Purdue gags in pain, dropping his phone as he is lifted off the bed. Cut to Mulder.)

Reggie, you there? Hey, Reggie!

(Cut back to Barnett and Purdue. Purdue is thrown down onto the bed, dead.)

Reggie! Reggie, what's going on? Are you there? What the hell is going on, Reggie?

(Barnett tosses a note down onto Purdue's body. Cut to Mulder.)

Reggie! What happened? Hey, Reggie!

(Cut back to Purdue. Barnett slinks back into the shadows. The phone is still off the hook.)

What's going on? Are you there? What the hell's going on, Reggie?

(Later, Scully walks into to a melee of policemen, agents and crime photographers.)

SCULLY: I hope you guys brought your fine-toothed comb. I want every piece of lint collected and analyzed. If nothing turns up, run it through it again.

(She walks over to Mulder, who is staring at the desk.)

Mulder...

MULDER: His wife died of cancer six years ago. Never liked to talk about it.

(He walks around her.)

As long as I knew him, he was working on a mystery novel. He promised to show it to me once, but he never did. I think he was afraid I wouldn't like it. I'm probably the only guy on the bureau he trusted enough to even ask.

SCULLY: I'm sorry.

MULDER: I'm just thinking how different things would've been if I would've taken that shot at Barnett when I had it.

SCULLY: Mulder... we're still not a hundred percent sure that this is him.

(A siren is heard outside. Mulder points to a note on the desk wrapped in an evidence bag. She picks it up and reads it. The note reads:

"Funerals for Fox's friends
-- then for Fox"

She looks back at him. He seems stoic.)




SCENE 12
CRIME LABS
(Henderson is looking at the new note under the electron-emission microscope.)

HENDERSON: Fresh ink, slightly smeared... I hate to tell you, and I'm not known to be wrong about these things, but this note was most certainly written by a right-handed person.

(She pulls away from the microscope and he looks through.)

You see the pressure points inside the pen grooves? It's a dead giveaway.

MULDER: Would you be able to tell if this note was written by somebody using a prosthetic hand?

(She looks back through.)

HENDERSON: Well, this fellow... and I'm assuming from the cursive figures here that it is a male suspect... he has a fairly nice, fluid style. Judging from the pressure variations in the connectors, this person would need good finger dexterity. You're not going to get that with a prosthesis.

MULDER: So you think it's the same person that wrote the first note.

HENDERSON: Uh-huh.

(Mulder takes the note.)

This the guy you think killed Agent Purdue?

MULDER: Yeah.

(He walks around her.)

HENDERSON: You know what occured to me? You never got any prints off those notes.

(He reaches behind her and takes the other note.)

If this guy was wearing a glove on his pen hand, the note wouldn't be smeared like it is. For what it's worth.




SCENE 13
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is on the phone when Mulder walks in. The phone is still ringing on the other end, though. She hangs up.)

SCULLY: I was just trying to find you. Listen to this. According to the A.M.A., Doctor Ridley, who signed Barnett's death certificate, hasn't officially been a doctor since 1979.

MULDER: What do you mean?

SCULLY: His membership expired and wasn't renowed after the state of Maryland revoked his medical license for flagrant research malpractice and misuse of a government grant.

(He reaches for the papers she is holding.)

MULDER: Where does it say that?

SCULLY: Right here. In the federal journal for the National Institute of Health.

(She hands him the paper. They start towards the door.)

MULDER: What kind of research?

SCULLY: He was conducting experiments on young children afflicted with a disease called progeria.

(They walk out.)




SCENE 14
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH; BETHESDA, MA
(On the viewscreen is a movie of a young girl who looks very decrepit and old walking around.)

NIH DOCTOR: The patient you see is an eight-year-old girl suffering from the advanced stages of progeria.

(He walks in front of the screen and around to the agents. On the screen, the girl starts talking to a doctor.)

MULDER: She looks about ninety.

NIH DOCTOR: Only about a hundred cases have ever been reported so the disease is rare.

SCULLY: But fatal.

NIH DOCTOR: Some progeria patients make it to early adulthood but others become terminal at age seven or eight.

MULDER: What's the cause of death?

NIH DOCTOR: Clinically, it's cardiac or cerebral vascular disease but actually, these poor kids die of old age.

(The movie flips to that of Doctor Ridley with the young girl.)

MULDER: Is that Doctor Ridley?

NIH DOCTOR: Yes, in 1974. Joe Ridley thought that he could take their accelerated aging and slow it down. Initially, some of his lab work was promising but then... things got out of control. He wanted to begin human trials.

MULDER: Why wasn't he allowed to?

NIH DOCTOR: Because he hadn't met the criteria. It was all too hypothetical, too... dangerous. I mean... I knew Joe Ridley. He didn't care about those kids. He talked about them as if they were laboratory animals. This terrible disease, progeria... he saw it as "a wonderful opportunity." He used those exact words with me once. An opportunity to "unlock all the secrets." When they refused to allow the human trials, he became enraged. Do you know what they called Joe Ridley behind his back?

(On the viewscreen, Ridley is talking to the camera but there is no audio.)

MULDER: What?

NIH DOCTOR: Doktor Mengele.

SCULLY: So, how did Doctor Ridley eventually lose his medical license?

NIH DOCTOR: He went ahead with the human trials secretly on an out-patient basis.

(Mulder walks over to the viewscreen.)

When we learned about it, of course, we terminated his grant and filed charges with the state medical boards.

SCULLY: I'm afraid your colleague, Doctor Ridley, has dropped off the face of the earth.

NIH DOCTOR: Yeah. Although, it's rumored he went to South America to continue his work.

(Mulder and Scully leave and start down the hallway.)

SCULLY: You just don't reverse aging.

MULDER: Ridley's found a way.

SCULLY: Listen to what you're saying.

MULDER: He wanted human research subjects, right? Prisoners. Prisoners like John Barnett.

SCULLY: Mulder, it's science fiction.

MULDER: Well, what would you have said twenty years ago about gene splicing, DNA fingerprinting, cloning, artificial intelligence?

(He pushes the down button for the elevator.)

Maybe we're not looking for a man in his late forty's after all. Maybe John Barnett has found the perfect disguise... youth.

(The elevator door opens and they go inside. Scully pushes a button and the elevator door closes.)




SCENE 15
COMPUTER LAB
(On the computer screen is the original picture of John Barnett. The writing in the upper left hand says "Subject: Barnett, John.")

MULDER: I want to age him backwards now. Let's start with ten years.

(The technician types in some keys and the face becomes healthier, the hair thicker.)

Now, five years more.

(More keys are pressed and the face becomes even younger.)

And add twenty pounds. A healthy twenty pounds.

(Mulder looks at the final result.)




SCENE 16
SCULLY'S APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is typing on her laptop. We hear her voice over it.)

SCULLY: Ridley's notes from the human trials at N.I.H. indicate he didn't see aging as inevitable but as an opportunistic disease. A disease that could be prevented, reversed even, by changing the chemical cues that trigger certain genes. However, there is no evidence whatsoever that Ridley's work yielded any results or that his theories, all hope to the contrary, hold any validity.

(John Barnett's lizard-like hand turns the doorknob to Scully's apartment. Scully hears the door creak, tries to hear any more discernible noises, and goes back to typing.)

According to the leading scientific journals, projections on this kind of genetic engineering are at best speculative and futuristic.

(Scully, worried about the noise, takes off her glasses and stands. She takes her gun off the mantle, takes it out of the holster and loads it. Walking warily, gun pointed out, she begins to check her apartment. In the shadows, Barnett watches her. There is a knock on the door and Scully slowly makes her way to the door. More knocking.)

SCULLY: Who is it?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Doctor Joe Ridley.

(Scully, perplexed, unchaines her door and opens it up, pointing her gun at him. He instinctively raises his hands. Barnett, faced with this new challenge, skulks away into the shadows and out. Mulder, Scully, and Ridley are all sitting down in different chairs. Scully is taking notes. Ridley's eyes have the same dead glaze over them that Barnett does.)

MULDER: If you're really Doctor Joseph Ridley, where've you been for the past five years?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: I originally continued my research in Mexico but for the last three years, I spent my time in Central America. In Belize, to be exact.

MULDER: What about Barnett?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: John Barnett is the only patient left. The only one who survived the experiments.

MULDER: What about you?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: My appearance is decieving. I have no more than a month to live as I am dying from a rare cerebral vascular disease.

SCULLY: The same disease that kills the kids suffering from progeria?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: That's right.

(He laughs a little.)

An unfortunate side effect of the treatment. By using the genetic components of progeria, I was able to reverse the aging process in much the same way the disease expedited it. At the same time, I and my patients became genetically susceptible to the same ailments a child six or eight would if he had the disease.

MULDER: And what about Barnett?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: John Barnett. If I didn't so personally detest the man, I might call him my one triumph.

MULDER: Barnett's not dying.

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Only his eyes, which for some reason do not respond to the gene therapy. Otherwise, John Barnett appears to be thriving.

SCULLY: But how?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: I varied Barnett's treatment. Once I isolated the progeria receptors, I stumbled onto something quite unexpected... these same genes related to the production of myelin.

SCULLY: The material that insulates neurons in the body.

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Yes. You see, myelin is not present in the very young and by reversing the effects of aging, I found, with Barnett, I was able to regulate the production of myelin. Myelin being the material that prohibits you or I from, say, regenerating a new hand if we were to have ours cut off.

MULDER: You were able to grow John Barnett a new hand?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Not exactly. Not a human hand, anyway. I could never get the cells to divide or behave properly.

SCULLY: I, I'm afraid to ask. What kind of hand did you grow?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: There had been some successful work done in London. By taking samples of what we call cell morphegins from an amputated salamander arm and applying them to the back of the creature, they were able to grow a new limb on a completely different part of the body. But only on salamanders.

MULDER: Until John Barnett.

JOSEPH RIDLEY: Yeah.

SCULLY: Unbelievable.

JOSEPH RIDLEY: My work has cost me dearly. I'm an outcast in the medical community. I was called Doctor Mengele, Doctor Frankenstein but I didn't care.

SCULLY: Because you knew that if your theories panned out...

JOSEPH RIDLEY: The man who owns the fountain of youth controls the world. When the A.M.A. censured me, certain sponsors came out of the woodwork. One of them is the U.S. government.

MULDER: They financed your research?

JOSEPH RIDLEY: You might be more surprised to learn just how high up the ladder this dirty little secret goes.




SCENE 17
GERTIE'S BAR
(Deep Throat walks in and over to a table in the back, sitting down next to Mulder. He talks relatively quietly compared to the rest of the noise in the bar.)

DEEP THROAT: I know why you've contacted me. Listen and I'll explain. I am not particularly proud of the way in which this matter was handled but, uh, like it or not, John Barnett is a fact of life.

MULDER: I wish Agent Perdue were around to appreciate the irony.

DEEP THROAT: The government knew full well that Barnett was in the country. You, of course, know that Barnett stole all of Ridley's research.

MULDER: Yes, Ridley was...

DEEP THROAT: Well, what Ridley doesn't know is that our government is bargaining with Barnett to buy it from him.

(Mulder looks away and laughs, disgusted.)

MULDER: What does he want?

DEEP THROAT: A lot of money, immunity, safe haven.

MULDER: Will he get it?

(Deep Throat laughs.)

DEEP THROAT: He holds all the cards.

MULDER: You're aware that this... freak of science you're negotiating with is a murderer?

(Deep Throat nods.)

DEEP THROAT: The information he has... could change the course of mankind. Consider the options.

MULDER: I will.

(He gets up and leaves. Deep Throat sighs and takes a sip of his drink.)




SCENE 18
SCULLY'S APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(It is 7:20 in the morning. The sun is rising. The phone rings. Once nobody picks up, the machine clicks.)

SCULLY ON MACHINE: Hi. This is Dana Scully. Please leave a message after the tone.

(It beeps, then two more digits are dialed. Scully steps out of the shower.)

ANSWERING MACHINE: Reading messages.

(Scully looks down at the machine.)

MARGARET SCULLY ON MACHINE: Hi, Dana, it's Mom. I just wanted to call and say hi. Um, give me a call, whenever. Okay, bye.

(Another beep and the next message plays. Scully looks shocked.)

KATHY ON MACHINE: Hi, Dana, it's Kathy. Look, I hope you're still going to meet me before my cello recital...




SCENE 19
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is looking at an artist's rendition of the younger Barnett. Scully puts her answering machine down on the desk.)

MULDER: What's that?

SCULLY: It's my private answering machine. Or at least it used to be.

(He puts down the paper as she on the desk.)

MULDER: What do you mean?

SCULLY: When I ran from the shower this morning, I heard someone dialing in my private code and replaying my messages. Last night, before Doctor Ridley, I could have sworn that someone was in my apartment. But when Ridley knocked, I thought I'd mistaken the noise for him.

MULDER: Scully...

(She holds up the answering machine.)

SCULLY: This morning, I took this down to prints before I came here. John Barnett's left index oblique is on the underside of this unit.

(The phone rings and Scully puts the machine down as Mulder picks up.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Barnett, who moans. His face is in shadows except for his left eye, which is glazed over blue. Cut back to Mulder, who stands.)

Barnett?

(Barnett groans.)

JOHN BARNETT: Your new friend, Ridley?

(Cut back to Barnett.)

Don't grow to fond of him... huh? He's going to die soon like the rest of your friends.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: The rest of my friends?

(Cut to Barnett, who is smiling.)

JOHN BARNETT: One by one.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: You're not that smart.

(Cut back to Barnett. He chuckles and rubs his chin with a finger from his grotesque hand.)

JOHN BARNETT: Tell me, you're not going to make me prove it to you again, are you? Oh, well, no matter. It'll be your turn soon enough.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Well, you won't get that chance.

(Cut to Barnett, who finds this hilarious.)

JOHN BARNETT: Oh, no?

(He laughs.)

Who's going to stop me, huh? Man, this is... this is the land of the free!

(His laughing dies down.)

Well, I'm just checking in. Bye. For now.

(Rubbing his chin, he hangs up. Cut to Mulder, who hangs up as well.)

MULDER: What does Barnett know about your phone messages?

SCULLY: Uh, that my mother called for no reason and I'm meeting a friend before her cello recital.

MULDER: Where's that?




SCENE 20
JANIE TAYLOR MEMORIAL RECITAL HALL; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is briefing his fellow agents. Scully hands out various pictures of the artist's renditions of Barnett.)

MULDER: Before the performance and during, we're working at a disadvantage because we don't know exactly what Barnett looks like. Study each of these faces. Know them, particularly the eyes.

SCULLY: I'm including a diagram of the theater. You have six front entrances and four more backstage.

(She finishes handing out fliers and stands next to Mulder.)

MULDER: We know that if he shows, he'll be keying on Scully. So wherever she is, she should not leave your sight. We've got two hours before the performance. Know this place inside and out. We don't want any shots fired if we can help it. We want to take Barnett alive, okay?

(The men walk off. Mulder and Scully start off as well.)

How are you feeling?

SCULLY: It's the first time I've ever played the target.

MULDER: Let's make sure it's not the last time.

(An agent walks out onto the stage as instruments are being tuned up. On the stage is Scully's friend Kathy with her cello. A man is tuning a piano. The agent walks down the center stairs and out. The man at the piano watches him go, using his grotesque hand to play with the sounds, his eyes glazed over in blue. Mulder walks into the main room, which is loud with people talking. He makes his way through the crowd and looks around at the incoming people. Scully looks at him. Barnett, wearing gloves, takes his revolver out of a case and stuffs it under his blue sweater in his pants. He walks offstage and down the aisleway calmly as the cello plays behind him. Walking into the main room, he makes his way through the crowd, looking around. He sees Scully and shoves through two people, whipping out his revolver.)

SCULLY: Gun!

(She pushes a man out of the way and is winged. The next shot is dead on in the chest and Scully falls like a ragdoll. Mulder runs over, gun drawn. He pushes a man out of the way.)

MULDER: Down!

(Barnett sneers, lowering his gun as people scream. He runs into the main room as Mulder runs over to Scully, looking down at her.)

Check her out!

(A man checks on Scully. Barnett runs down the aisle and on stage, grabbing Kathy by the neck and standing behind her, holding the gun to her head. Mulder runs in followed by two other agents. She struggles against his grip.)

JOHN BARNETT: Stay back, Mulder!

(She moans and gasps loudly.)

Shut up...

(Mulder turns back to the other agents.)

MULDER: Back off, back off...

(Mulder aims his gun.)

JOHN BARNETT: I'll kill her! Don't even think about it!

MULDER: Just let her go.

JOHN BARNETT: Go ahead and shoot. Go ahead, man. Shoot, Mulder! What are you afraid of, huh? What, it's against regulations... huh? No, man. You need me alive, don't you? Because I'm the only one who knows where the research is! Huh? So I could shoot her! And you just to live with it, don't you, huh?

MULDER: Shut up!

KATHY: Please, no. Please, please, please...

(Mulder lowers his gun.)

JOHN BARNETT: How about it, Mulder?

(Mulder raises it back up with steel resolve.)

KATHY: Please, please, please, please, please...

JOHN BARNETT: Just like old times, huh? Huh?

(Mulder pulls the trigger. Barnett's eyes glaze over differently as his whole body tenses up. Kathy gasps and he slowly falls. She screams and starts crying. Mulder stares at the stage for a second, then looks back at the other two agents.)

MULDER: Call an ambulance!

AGENT: Okay... it's okay, Scully, an ambulance is on the way.

(Scully eyes burst open. She moves slowly, her eyes focusing.)

You all right? Don't try to move...

(She moans and looks down at her chest, pulling open the shirt to reveal damaged kevlar. She lets her head fall back and sighs in relief. Sirens pull into earshot.)




SCENE 21
HOSPITAL
(Mulder looks in through the window as doctors and nurses work on Barnett. A man-in-black is interrogating Barnett as well.)

MAN-IN-BLACK: Where are they? Can you here me?

DOCTOR: One, two, three...

MAN-IN-BLACK: Where'd you hide them?

(Mulder looks back at Scully, who approaches him. The noise in the operating room becomes a low din.)

MULDER: How you feeling?

SCULLY: Like somebody kicked me in the ribs.

MULDER: That bullet went through eight layers of kevlar, you're lucky to be alive.

SCULLY: What about him?

MULDER: Well, they flew in three specialists to try to save his life. That guy in the ugly suit there is probably C.I.A. Been trying to talk to him.

SCULLY: Is Barnett conscious?

MULDER: Yeah, but he's not talking.

(They stare at the melee in the emergency room.)

SCULLY: Mulder, I know what you did wasn't by the book.

MULDER: Tells you a lot about the book, doesn't it?

(They stare at each other. Barnett tenses up as nurses hold his hands down.)

DOCTOR: Barnett! Barnett, come on!

(Barnett's salamander hand falls limp as he flatlines.)

MAN: Vitals dropping...

DOCTOR: Barnett... shock him, now!

(Barnett stares at Mulder through the glass, dead.)

SCULLY: They lost him.

MULDER: Bastard will take that research with him to the grave.

SCULLY: Where do you think it is?

(Cut to a busy airport. Mulder talks to Scully over the scene.)

MULDER: Who knows? If Barnett didn't destroy it, he could have stashed it anywhere. Which would have a cruel irony, wouldn't it? Scientific knowledge that could change the course of mankind buried out in a field somewhere or in some safe deposit box. Getting old, just like the rest of us.

SCULLY: If it didn't destroy it, chances are that somehow, someday, somebody will find it.

MULDER: And when they do... maybe he can get his revenge from beyond the grave but somehow, I feel like we haven't heard the last from John Barnett.

(Many people pass the airport locker numbered 935, never suspecting what lies inside.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
THE SKIES OF IRAG; 37TH PARALLEL; PRESENT DAY
(An Iraqi fighter pilot is flying when he spots a UFO. He looks down at his radar and sees that the UFO does not show up.)

IRAQI PILOT: (Translated from Arabic) Base, this is patrol six. Request I.D. on object 25 miles from my position bearing three-four-one.

IRAQI BASE

(The UFO does not show up on Ground Controls radar either.)

IRAQI OFFICER: (Translated from Arabic) Negative on object. Are your bearings correct?

FIGHTER PLANE

(The pilot hears a loud hum and looks around for the plane.)

IRAQI PILOT: (Translated from Arabic) It was there a second ago.

(There is a bright flash, he screams.)

IRAQI BASE

(The radar now shows the plane and various other blips on the screen.)

IRAQI OFFICER: (Translated from Arabic) Youre under attack! Youre under attack!

FIGHTER PLANE

(The pilot attaches his helmet. We can hear the officer screaming various Arabic words over the intercom. There is another bright flash, and the pilot grunts. The UFO whizzes by as the pilot locks on.)

IRAQI PILOT: (Translated from Arabic) Im locked on!

(He fires a missle and a huge fireball erupts in the sky.)

(Translated from Arabic) I got him!




SCENE 2
HAKKARI, TURKEY; NATO SURVEILLANCE STATION; TURKEY/IRAQ BORDER
(Various military calls can be heard over the radio. There are officers sleeping. The lights grow a dimmer and a loud explosion is heard outside. The two men run over to the window and see the UFO exploding in the forest.)

1ST OFFICER: Oh, man.

(The second officer pulls up a seat at the radio and picks up the headphones.)

2ND OFFICER: This is Southern Crescent to Red Crescent. Weve got a downed plane at camp perimeter.

RADIO: This is Red Crescent, thats a negative, we have nothing in the sky at this time.

(The second officer looks back out the window briefly.)

2ND OFFICER: Well, weve got something down here. Advise Medivac unit to be on stand-by, were going to check it out.

RADIO: Roger.

(The two officers get up and put their hats on. The 1st Officer takes a fire extinguisher. The 2nd takes a first aid-kit.)

RADIO: Medivac One, Medivac One, this is Red Crescent, vector one reports downed aircraft in their area, over.

(Another UFO flies down and hovers over the crash site.)




SCENE 3
12:20 A.M. CENTRAL TIME; ROUTE 100; REAGAN, TENNESSEE
(An unmarked truck drives down the road.)

MAN ON C.B.: Breaker, breaker, this is Big Flight, anybody out there with me, come back to me, over.

WOMAN ON C.B.: I read you loud and clear, this is Betty Blue, come on

(The truck driver turns on the radio.)

RADIO: From Opryland, its the Grand Old Opry on WSM Radio 650. Brought to you by Goodys Headache Powder. When the nights been too long and the partys been too hardy, Goodys Headache Powder will straighten you right out.

(The truck driver looks down at his shotgun in the passenger seat.)

And you have my word on that. Good evening

(The radio grows very statticy and the channels rapidly change. The driver fiddles around with the controls, but to no avail. He turns it off.)

C.B. MALE CALLER #1: I saw it, it was cigar-shaped, red and green lights, fast as hell.

C.B. FEMALE CALLER: I seen three of them flying over Chester County.

C.B. MALE CALLER #2: Right, right, and six troopers were chasing them down 22! Whoa, I see one now! And hes over the watertower!

(The driver looks up at the C.B., then hears sirens. A police car races by his truck.)

C.B. FEMALE CALLER: I see him too! Red and green lights, just like you said!

(The C.B. grows garbled when suddenly everything in the truck shuts off. The truck skids along the road as the driver desperately tries to stop and steer the truck on the road. It finally stops, and the driver looks at the sky, takes his shotgun and flashlight, and gets out of the car. Another loud hum can be heard. He cocks his gun and walks around to the back. Looking up, he sees a UFO. The cargo doors behind him swing opening, revealing various brown boxes. He spins around and shines the flashlight. Some bushes near him start rustling, and he shoots his gun at the bushes three times.)




SCENE 4
ROUTE 100; REAGAN, TENNESSEE
(It is now morning. A person starts two stopwatches, leaving one on the truck. He pulls out a geiger counter and takes his backpack. We see it is Mulder. Scully picks up a shell off the ground and puts in an evidence bag. Mulder turns on the counter and starts walking around. The counter clicks.)

SCULLY: From the truckers description, the shape he fired on could conceivably have been a mountain lion.

MULDER: Conceivably.

SCULLY: The National Weather Service last night reported atmospheric conditions in this area that were possibly conducive to lightning.

MULDER: Possibly.

(The clicking grows stronger. Scully takes a picture of another shell on the ground. The geiger counter goes off the charts at a leaf that was crushed by something.)

SCULLY: It is feasible that the truck was struck by lightning, creating the electrical failure.

MULDER: Its feasible.

(He opens an evidence bag and takes a sample of the leaf. Scully stands up.)

SCULLY: And you know, theres a marsh over there. The lights the driver saw may have been swamp gas.

MULDER: Swamp gas?

SCULLY: Its a natural phenonemon in which phospine and methane rising from decaying organic matter ignite, creating globes of blue flame.

(She crosses over to him.)

MULDER: Happens to me when I eat Dodger Dogs. How can a dozen witnesses including a squad of police vehicles in three counties become hysterical over swamp gas?

(He gets up and walks back to the car. Scully follows.)

Ive investigated multiple sitings before: Chespeake Bay, the Okoboji Lakes, Area 51 in Nevada. None had this much supporting evidence. Anecdotal data, exhume residue, radiation levels five times the norm.

SCULLY: Mulder, none of that evidence is conclusive.

MULDER: The only question for me is, why was the truck driver singled out?

SCULLY: Isnt it more plausible that an exhausted truck driver became swept up in the hysteria and fired at hallucinations? I mean, after all, the road can play tricks on you.

MULDER: Yeah, it can play tricks on you. But not like this.

(Mulder stops both stopwatches. He places them down on the truck.)

I started these stopwatches at the same time.

(The one on the left, that he had taken with him, reads around 37 seconds. The one on the right, that he had left on the truck, reads about 28.)




SCENE 5
POLICE STATION; LEXINGTON, TENNESSEE
(The truck driver, named Ranheim, is sitting in an interrogation room with Mulder and Scully. The driver has rashes all over his face.)

RANHEIM: I dont know why theyre holding me. This firing a weapon on a county road charge is a lot of house manure. Im a vet and I know how to handle a gun.

MULDER: Mr. Ranheim, Id appreciate it if you could elaborate on the report you filed last night regarding your encounter.

(Ranheim rubs his eye and sighs. Pause.)

RANHEIM: Like a saucer and green and orange lights.

MULDER: Last night, you said it was cigar-shaped and black.

RANHEIM: I didnt ask for this to happen.

(coughs)

All I want to do is deliver my shipment of auto parts and forget

(He coughs wildly. Mulder and Scully watch momentarily, then Scully pours him some water. She pushes it over to him.)

SCULLY: Pardon me for asking, but how long have you had that cough?

(He pushes the water back.)

RANHEIM: Why?

SCULLY: Im just concerned, you said you were a veteran.

RANHEIM: Whats that got to do with this?

SCULLY: The cough, the fever, the rash. Those are all symptoms of Gulf War Syndrome.

RANHEIM: I was never in the Gulf War.

MULDER: Ok. So, how long have you not been yourself?

(Pause.)

RANHEIM: Since the thing last night.

(Mulder is about to ask another question when a man in a suit, Police Chief Rivers, walks in with an officer.)

RIVERS: Mr. Ranheim, Im Police Chief Rivers.

(He shakes Ranheims hand.)

Please, forgive the misunderstanding. Your trucks squared away. You may go.

MULDER: Id like to examine the truck.

RIVERS: That wont be necessary.

(Ranheim gets up and leaves. Mulder starts to follow.)

MULDER: This man has had an alleged close encounter. The truck undoubtedly contains important trace evidence.

(Ranheim stops Mulder.)

Sir! If I may

RIVERS: Youve gotten all youre going to get out of this county. We will no longer cooperate in your investigation.

SCULLY: Why?

RIVERS: Just go away.

(He leaves. Scully looks at Mulder and is about to say something.)

MULDER: Not not here.

(They take their things, and Mulder holds the door for Scully as they leave. He closes the door behind him.)




SCENE 6
AIRPORT; TENNESSEE
(A man prints out a rent-a-car slip for the agents and hands it to Scully, who starts filling it out. Behind them, a woman is shaking her pen, which is obviously not working. She is trying to fill out a form as well. Her son is standing next to her and her daughter is sitting on the desk.)

MULDER: Its obvious someone got to the police chief. Ranheim was hiding something.

SCULLY: Ranheim was sick.

MULDER: He only became sick last night.

(A woman walks up to Scully.)

WOMAN: Excuse me, can I use your pen?

SCULLY: Mm-hmm.

(She hands the pen to the woman.)

What are you suggesting, that Gulf War Syndrome is caused by UFOs?

MULDER: UFOs are frequently witnessed by soldiers during wartime.

(The woman hands the pen back.)

WOMAN: Thanks.

(The two agents start off towards the bus.)

SCULLY: Mulder, the only UFOs people are likely to see are secret military aircraft.

MULDER: What if thats what made the soldiers in Iraq sick? The exhaust or fuel from a classified aircraft or its weapon.

(They board the bus and sit down.)

SCULLY: Well, there is a base in Little Rock. You think thats what the Air Force was flying that night?

MULDER: Theyd deny it, but it could possibly explain how Ranheim developed his symptoms.

SCULLY: Possibly.

(The bus starts moving.)

MULDER: I want to talk to some people when we get back to Washington.

SCULLY: Mulder, the military isnt going to talk about classified aircraft.

MULDER: No, these guys are like an extreme government watchdog group. They publish a magazine called The Lone Gunman. Some of their information is first-rate; covert actions, classified weapons. Some of their ideas are downright spooky.




SCENE 7
THE LONE GUNMENS OFFICE; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder and Scully are sitting in front of the window. A man named Langly, long hair, unshaven, Ramones t-shirt on, is walking around. Another man named Byers, clean-cut, moustache and beard, suit and tie, is standing in the corner. The third man, named Frohike, is small and toad-like, takes a picture of Scully.)

LANGLY: So, check it out, Mulder, today I had breakfast with the guy who shot John F. Kennedy.

MULDER: Is that so?

LANGLY: Old dude now, but yeah. Says he was dressed as a cop on the grassy knoll.

BYERS: And, Mulder, listen to this. Vladmir Zhirinovsky, the leader of the Russian Social Democrats? Hes being put into power by the most heinous and evil force of the 20th century.

MULDER: Barney?

(Scully smiles, Langly chuckles. Byers seems unamused.)

BYERS: The C.I.A.

SCULLY: Hmm.

LANGLY: Is this your skeptical partner?

(Frohike takes another picture.)

FROHIKE: Shes hot.

BYERS: You dont believe that the C.I.A., threatened by a loss of power and funding because of the collapse of the cold war, wouldnt dream of having the old enemy back?

SCULLY: I think you give the government too much credit.

(The phone rings. Langly walks over and picks up the phone and turns on a tape recorder.)

I mean, the government cant control the defecit or manage crime

LANGLY: (into phone) Lone Gunman.

SCULLY: what makes you think they could plan and execute such an elaborate conspiracy?

FROHIKE: She is hot.

MULDER: Settle down, Frohike.

(Byers walks over to them.)

BYERS: Im not talking about the bunch of idiots up on the hill trying to bone the capital pages. Were talking about a dark network, a government within a government, controlling our every move.

SCULLY: How can they do that?

BYERS: How? Ill show you how. You got a twenty dollar bill?

SCULLY: Hmmm Ill check.

(She digs into her back pocket, looking at Mulder, who smiles back. She pulls out a twenty.)

Um-hmmm.

(She hands it to Byers and he goes over to the table. Mulder waves his hands like I dont know.)

LANGLY: (still on phone) Uh-huh yeah

(Byers holds the bill in front of him and rips off its left side. Scully crosses over to him. Langly can still be heard intellegibly in the background.)

SCULLY: Hey!

(Mulder laughs. Scully looks back at him. Byers pulls out the magnetic anti-counterfeiting strip.)

BYERS: Thats just one method. They use this magnetic strip to track you. Whenever you go through a metal detector at an airport, they know exactly how much youre carrying.

MULDER: Hey, Byers, it is a federal crime to deface money.

(Scully crosses back to Mulder, holding the ripped bill. Langly hangs up.)

SCULLY: This strip is an anti-counterfeiting measure.

LANGLY: How come its on the inside? Other countries put that strip on the outside.

BYERS: What are they hiding?

(Mulder waves his hands to get their attention.)

MULDER: O o ok, alright. What do you know about the Gulf War Syndrome?

LANGLY: Agent Orange of the 90s.

BYERS: Artillery shells coated with depleted uranium.

MULDER: Have you heard of any classified planes being flown during the Persian Gulf War?

BYERS: Why would you need to expose a secret plane to an air force that runs to Iran whenever you take to the air?

MULDER: What about UFO activity during that period?

(Langly and even Byers laugh.)

LANGLY: Yeah, UFOs caused the Gulf War Syndrome, thats a good one.

BYERS: Thats why we like you, Mulder, your ideas are weirder than ours.

(Mulder laughs a bit. Scully nods her head slightly in agreement.)




SCENE 8
X-FILES OFFICE; F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is looking at the picture she took of the shell on the ground with a magnifying glass and another one of the road. Scully is writing.)

SCULLY: Those were the most paranoid people I have ever met. I dont know how you could think that what they say is even remotely plausible.

MULDER: I think its remotely plausible that someone might think youre hot.

(Scully looks at Mulder. She shakes her pen and smiles. It still doesnt write, so she pulls out ink and unscrews her pen.)

SCULLY: Did you see the way they answered the telephone? They probably think that every call that they get is monitored and theyre followed wherever they go. Its a form of self-delusion. It makes them think that what theyre doing is important enough that somebody would

(She looks at her pen, which has various forms of circuitry in it.)

MULDER: Whats the matter?

(He looks back and crosses over to Scully, who is holding the pen with her hand on her desk. Mulder kneels down and pulls her hand closer, inspecting the pen. It contains a listening device.)




SCENE 9
MULDERS APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder walks over to his light, unscrews the lightbulb and puts in a blue one. He opens the blinds, turns off all the other lights and sits down. The blue glow can be seen from outside. Hours have seemingly passed, and Mulder is asleep on the couch. The phone rings and Mulder wakes up. He gets up, crosses to his desk and picks up the phone.)

MULDER: Hello?

(A click is heard.)




SCENE 10
LINCOLN MEMORIAL; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is sitting on a park bench, eating an apple. Deep Throat walks up behind him and sits down.)

DEEP THROAT: Pitchers and catchers report for spring training this week.

MULDER: Yeah. What are we doing here?

(Deep Throat chuckles.)

DEEP THROAT: Missed your calling, did you, Mr. Mulder? Ah, maybe this year we can catch a game at Camden Yards. Of course, we wouldnt be able to sit together.

MULDER: Thats too bad. Something tells me you have the connections to get great seats.

DEEP THROAT: Any park in the country.

(A camera clicks. Deep Throat quickly turns away, facing Mulder, to avoid more pictures.)

MULDER: Its just a tourist.

DEEP THROAT: In our line, nothing is just what it seems.

MULDER: What am I onto? We go down to investigate a truck drivers encounter with a UFO and the next thing, were discovering electronic surveillance equipment. Whos listening to us?

(Deep Throat looks at him, then turns away.)

Why wont you tell me?

(Deep Throat sighs, pulls an envelope out of his trenchcoat, hands it to Mulder and walks away.)

What am I onto?

(Deep Throat stops and turns a bit.)

DEEP THROAT: A dangerous path.

(He keeps walking.)




SCENE 11
X-FILES OFFICE; F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is reading a paper that reads this at the top:

SUBJECT: Response to Request for Inf --
Contact and Other Related I --
Via: INTERCEPT IRAQI TRANSMISSION
TO: Commanding Officer, Majestic Project,

The folder it is in reads TOP SECRET. We can hear the fight between the Iraqi pilot and the UFO in the background, we then switch to the same shots as before: the flash, the man screaming, the shot and the UFO explosion in the air. Scully walks in. She crosses over, hands some papers to Mulder, and sits down.)

SCULLY: The truck is bogus. And sos the truck driver, Ranheim. First I checked his manifest. It listed a truck carrying 180 cartons of auto parts weighing 3,100 pounds. Then I checked with three weigh stations along his route and they have it listed at 5,100 pounds. Theres something in that truck, Mulder, and its not auto parts. And of course, nobody ever reported him. Furthermore, Ranheim lied about being in the Gulf War. His real name is Frank Druce  and I worked hard to get this one. He was Special Operations Black Beret in Mosul, northern Iraq. Also, he didnt get sick from the encounter the other night. Hes been to the V.A. hospital for treatment three times this past year.

(Mulder shakes his head angrily.)

MULDER: We had it.

(He gets up.)

We had it and we let it go. Four days ago, an Iraqi pilot shot down an unidentified flying object. The wreckage, and possibly the occupants, were recovered by the army. Ranheim, the truck driver, would be the perfect escort for the wreckage and/or bodies out of Iraq and into a laboratory in the United States. That would explain why the truck weighs so much more than listed. The military has, in the past, transported dangerous materials and weapons across the country.

(He laughs. Scully looks perplexed.)

Im beginning to sound like those guys at The Lone Gunman, right?

SCULLY: Where did you obtain this information?

MULDER: Lets just say its a source with a deep background.

(Pause. Mulder sits down next to her.)

SCULLY: I want to know all about him.

MULDER: All I know is that hes guided us away from harm.

SCULLY: How do you know that? We work for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and were being bugged. What does that tell you?

MULDER: That tells me that not everything is as it appears to be.

SCULLY: Exactly. And for all we know, this deep background is the one responsible for the bug.

MULDER: Hes never lied to me. I wont break that confidence. I trust him.

SCULLY: Mulder, youre the only one I trust.

MULDER: Then youre gonna have to trust me.

(Pause. Scully leans back in her chair.)

Did you find out where the truck is now?

SCULLY: Generally. Its heading west. Towards Colorado.

MULDER: Ok, weve got to try and intercept it and see whats on board.

(He gets up.)

Im gonna go get a few things, Ill meet you back at your place in an hour, okay?

(He takes his coat, then puts his hand on her shoulder. He walks out and she leans forward onto the desk.)




SCENE 12
MULDERS APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder unlocks his door and walks in. He tries the light switch, but it doesnt work.)

DEEP THROAT: I cut the main breaker.

(Mulder is about to pull his gun when he sees it is Deep Throat sitting in a chair. He sighs, closes the door and crosses over to him.)

MULDER: You risked exposure coming here.

(Deep Throat takes out another envelope.)

DEEP THROAT: What I have here is too important.

(He stands up, crosses over and hands Mulder the envelope.)

The photograph in that envelope was taken by an officer in Fort Benning, Georgia. 17 UFOs were spotted in one hour.

MULDER: Is that where the Iraqi wreckage is being held? Are UFOs monitoring the area?

DEEP THROAT: Nice place you have here.

(He turns and opens the door.)

MULDER: Wait, wait.

(Deep Throat stops in the doorway and looks back at Mulder.)

I, I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank you. Youve helped my work so much and never asked for anything in return. I know youve put yourself at great risk to do so.

(Deep Throat looks a bit ashamed and leaves, closing the door behind him. Mulder crosses over to the table and picks up the envelope. Opening it, he finds the picture.)




SCENE 13
SCULLYS APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(The picture is of a policeman standing by a car with trees in the background. The UFO hovers above the trees next to the moon. The UFO is clearly visible in the windshield. Scully is looking at it with a magnifying glass.)

MULDER: This is the best photographic evidence I have ever seen. When I first saw the Gulf Breeze photos, I knew they were a hoax but this this is the quality of evidence the government has amassed for decades at the highest classified levels. That business with the truck was just a decoy to keep anyone from looking closely away from Fort Benning where they are keeping the remains of the Iraqi UFO. We have to leave for Georgia immediately, Scully

SCULLY: Mulder, this photograph is a fake.

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: Look.

(He kneels down and she shows him the policeman through the magnifying glass.)

This soldiers shadow is alledgedly created by the lights from the UFO. But it falls in a direction contradictory to the crafts position.

MULDER: There can be an off-camera light source creating that shadow.

SCULLY: Now look closely at the color of the light reflected in the windshield. Now that reflection should be from the red lights in the UFO but it doesnt match the color of the ships light.

MULDER: Theres probably a degree of tint in the windshield or the gradation could be attributed to atmospheric conditions.

SCULLY: We should have it analyzed.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: Why dont you just admit it, Scully? Youre determined not to believe him.

SCULLY: Well, maybe youre too determined to believe him.

(Mulder collects the pictures and takes his coat.)

MULDER: I am determined to follow a lead that may result in proof of the existence of extraterrestrial biological entities. I need to go.

(He starts off.)

SCULLY: Mulder, listen to me.

MULDER: No.

SCULLY: Please, will you just hear me?

(She stands. He stops and turns around.)

I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you. Its so intense that sometimes its blinding. But there are others who are watching you, who know what I know and whereas I can respect and admire your passion, they will use it against you. Mulder, the truth is out there but so are lies.

MULDER: Thank you.

(He turns and leaves.)




SCENE 14
8:30 A.M. EASTERN TIME; F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully opens the door to her office, puts down her coat and briefcase, takes her cup and goes to get coffee. She pours some, then some sugar and then she stirs it. She returns to the room and is shocked to see that the desk lamp is on and her briefcase is now laying down on the desk instead of standing up. She turns to see Mulder walking towards her, photo in hand.)

MULDER: I had the photo analyzed by the bureaus computers. Initially, it appears to be legitimate. The film grain matches, the pattern and density, color levels, shading then I noticed this.

(He sits down and shows her the moon in the picture. He then shows her the reflection.)

Its the moon, half full. I had the reflection in this window enlarged to 25. Theres the moon again, a quarter full. Not to mention the fact that the window couldnt even catch the moons reflection from that angle. You were right, Scully. Its a fake. He tried to decieve us. Now were alone on this. Theres no one we can trust. They went to a lot of trouble to put us on the wrong track. Theres something here that no ones supposed to find.




SCENE 15
AN AQUARIUM; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is standing at the shark tank, watching them swim. Deep Throat comes over.)

DEEP THROAT: Why didnt you leave for Fort Benning?

MULDER: The photograph was a fake.

(No response.)

At least youre not insulting me further by feigning appaled surprise.

DEEP THROAT: On the contrary, I think a compliment is in order. That photo was performed by our very best.

MULDER: I thought you were my ally.

DEEP THROAT: Oh, I am.

MULDER: Yeah, imagine if Eisenhower told the rest of the Allies that D-Day would take place in Belgium.

DEEP THROAT: (angrier) Mr. Mulder, I place my life in great jeopardy every time we speak.

(Mulder looks away, calmer.)

Ive been a participant in some of the most insidious lies and witness to deeds that no crazed man could imagine. I spent years watching you from my, uh, lofty position to know that you were the one I could trust.

MULDER: Then why did you lie to me?

DEEP THROAT: I needed to divert you. You and Scully are excellent investigators and your motives are just. However, there are still some secrets that should remain secret  some truths that people are just not ready to know.

MULDER: Who are you to decide that for me?

DEEP THROAT: The worlds reaction to such knowledge would be far too dangerous.

MULDER: Dangerous. You mean in a sense of outrage like the reaction to the Kennedy assassinations or M.I.A.s or radiation experiments on terminal patients, Watergate, Iran-Contra, Roswell, the Tuskegee experiments, where will it end? Oh, I guess it wont end as long as men like you decide what is truth. That transcript you gave me of the Iraqi pilot, that was the truth, wasnt it?

DEEP THROAT: Hmmmp. (in agreement.)

MULDER: Whyd you even bother to show it to me?

DEEP THROAT: Well, I knew that you were onto the truck so I knew that down the road I would have to steer you away. That I would have to lie to you. And a lie, Mr. Mulder, is most convincingly hidden between two truths.

(Mulder starts to walk away.)

Mulder.

(Mulder turns back.)

When a shark stops swimming, it will die. Dont stop swimming. Im not responsible for the electronic surveillance but I do know they can still hear you.

(Deep Throat walks away. Mulder watches the sharks swim.)




SCENE 16
MULDERS APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder tears apart his apartment looking for the surveillance. He finally finds the bug by unscrewing the plug fixture in the wall. The doorbell rings.)

SCULLY: Mulder? Are you home?

(Mulder goes to the door and opens it.)

MULDER: Hey, Scully, glad you could drop by.

SCULLY: Mul

(Mulder signals for her to be quiet and leads her into the room.)

MULDER: I been thinking about this whole situation, yknow? And I think youre right. I think we won this one, I think we should just move on.

(He points down at the fixture. Scully kneels down, looks at it and stands up. Mulder rights on some paper We have to find the truck. Scully nods in agreement.)

SCULLY: I think this time youre right, Mulder.




SCENE 17
STREET; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder and Scully drive down a busy street and pull over to the side. Another car keeps going and pulls over two cars ahead of them. Scully gets out of the passenger seat, as does a man from the other car. Mulder pulls out and drives down the street. The other car follows him. Scully starts to walk and looks back, seeing the man tail her. She signals for a taxi, gets in, and drives away.)

MAN: Taxi!

(He signals for the next taxi, but the taxi doesnt stop.)




SCENE 18
9:16 A.M. EASTERN TIME; DULLES AIRPORT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is standing on line, buying tickets. The woman hands her a ticket.)

WOMAN: Here you are, Ms. Scully, your round-trip ticket to Chicago.

(She hands Scully her credit card, which Scully puts in her pocketbook along with the ticket.)

And your credit card, and the plane departs at Gate 35.

SCULLY: Id also like a one-way ticket to Los Angeles with a stop at Las Vegas, and Ill be paying cash.




SCENE 19
STREET; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is still being tailed by the man in the car. He comes to a red light and looks in his rearview mirror, seing the car two cars behind him. The light turns green and Mulder jams on the accelerator, making a sharp left turn, causing traffic to swerve to avoid him. The other car cannot follow for the moment, but eventually gets through. Mulder heads for the airport.)




SCENE 20
11:30 A.M. PACIFIC TIME; MCCARRAN AIRPORT; LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
(Scully is in the gift shop, looking at the small books. Mulder nonchalantly walks by, and neither acknowledge each other. Mulder heads for the magazine racks, and Scully follows. They both pick up magazines, pretending to read.)

MULDER: Called every weigh station and bureau office west of Colorado. Tied up an airphone for three hours. I dont speak Japanese, but I think some businessman told me to stick a piece of sushi where the sun dont shine.

SCULLY: My ears numb from being on hold for so many hours.

MULDER: At least we can be sure they didnt trace our call. I couldnt find the truck. Did you have any luck?

SCULLY: Yep. Its heading northwest on I-90.




SCENE 21
6:30 P.M. PACIFIC TIME; JUNCTION OF HIGHWAYS 90 & 283; WASHINGTON STATE
(The truck heads down I-90. Mulder and Scully are waiting in their rental car. Scully is looking through binoculars, and Mulder is eating sunflower seeds.)

MULDER: Yknow, think about it. This truck drove across America. People it passed on the road probably thought it was hauling auto parts or furniture. Yknow, livestock, whatever. Nobody would have suspected it was hauling a craft from another world.

SCULLY: Here we go.

(Scully lowers her binoculars as the truck passes by. Mulder starts the car and they turn onto the highway. Much later, they are still chasing the car. It is now dark outside. Mulder yawns.)

Mulder, weve been following this truck for hours. Maybe he knows were following him, and hes taking an evasive route.

MULDER: Well, if that were the case

(The radio turns on and starts flipping through channels rapidly. Hail starts hitting the car, there is a loud hum, and then a bright light. The car stops suddenly in front of the truck, which is now vacant and turned around. Mulder gets out of the car with his flashlight.)

MULDER: You all right?

SCULLY: Yeah.

MULDER: Come on.

(Scully gets out of the car.)

SCULLY: Ranheim? Ranheim?

(They go to the back of the truck. The doors are open. Climbing in, they start moving boxes. Mulder pushes through until he is faced with a bright red glow. Scully is close behind.)

MULDER: Scully?

(They are looking at what looks to be a life-support unit.)

SCULLY: Oh my God.

MULDER: It was an extraterrestrial biological entity alive.

SCULLY: Whered it go?

MULDER: I think we were just witness to a rescue mission.

(They look at the tubing and the platform where the alien was laying. Mulder start another stopwatch on the ground outside the truck then goes into and climbs out of the truck, having used his geiger counter. Scully is holding the flashlight. They start walking to the stopwatch.)

SCULLY: God, Mulder, I cant stop shaking. What we just saw  did it fit the profile?

MULDER: Are you asking me if it was real? Did we just have a close encounter?

(She nods yes. They stop. He bends down and picks up the stopwatch. He pulls out another stopwatch that had been going and stops them both.)

No, it was another hoax.

(He shows them to Scully. They both read 38. They start walking back to the car.)

SCULLY: But how could anyone generate such force?

MULDER: Whatever they used, we probably havent heard of it. Sound weapons, stealth helicopters with an ultra-intensity light. It doesnt matter, theres no evidence that this was a UFO.

SCULLY: So they created this elaborate show just to deflect us again. I mean, wouldnt it have been easier just for them to 

MULDER: Just to kill us? Yeah, I wondered that myself. Maybe theyre using me against myself like you said before. That I want to believe so badly that Id just accept the obvious conclusions and walk away.

(They stop at the car.)

SCULLY: Now we have nothing to go on. No one to turn to.

MULDER: Theres still one person in all this who hasnt lied to us. But its not quite someone we can turn to.




SCENE 22
HOTEL ROOM; WASHINGTON STATE
(Scully is writing at the desk. Mulder is on the phone with various maps in front of him.)

MULDER: (into phone) Leverling and Priest Rapids? East bank of the Columbia River? Did you send a field investigator? And you can substantiate the sighting? Ok, Nick, thanks a lot.

(He hangs up and crosses to Scully with a map.)

Ive contacted several organizations that have hotlines for UFO reports. Center of UFO Studies in Chicago, MUFON, NICAP none of them have ever reported a week of such activity. It began in Tennessee where Ranheim was encountered.

(He traces his finger down the line where the truck went, which is covered with red circles marking UFO sightings.)

SCULLY: The sightings are following the path of the truck.

MULDER: And after last nights hoax look at this.

(He takes out another map and circles another spot.)

Seven sightings in Mattawa, Washington. Thats 100 miles away.

SCULLY: Aliens?

MULDER: Looks like they want their colleague back.




SCENE 23
MATTAWA, WASHINGTON STATE
(Mulder and Scully are driving in their car.)

SCULLY: Weve driven full circle through Mattawa twice. Theres nothing here.

(Mulder spots something and stops the car.)

MULDER: Whats over there?

(About 20 people are gathered around a fire in the woods. Loud music is blasting. Mulder and Scully get out of the car and go to the center of the campsite. There is a sign that says Welcome, Space Brothers. Many people are dressed like aliens as well.)

GUY IN ALIEN SUIT: We have been waiting! Welcome to our home! We are willing to go with you!

(Mulder waves to some people. They stop at a man dressed in all red carrying a beer.)

MAN: Ahh-doo-nay-va-so barahghas. Thats an intergalactic space greeting. That means, hello, space brothers.

MULDER: Hello.

SCULLY: Whats going on here?

MAN: A UFO party.

MULDER: Youve seen UFOs?

MAN: The last two nights. Theyre drawn to our electric power. They hover over our power plant down there.

(He points to the power plant.)

GUY IN ALIEN SUIT: Everyone! They are here! Space brothers!

(Mulder and Scully look at the plant. Ranheim is being led through a gate by a cop.)

COP: Alright. Back it up.

(Mulder and Scully are in the car. Mulder is looking through the binoculars.)

MULDER: This is it. Theres Ranheim.

SCULLY: This place has got to have the highest level of security.

MULDER: Just the kind of challenge theyre looking for.

SCULLY: Who?

(Mulder starts dials the phone. At The Lone Gunman Office, Langly picks up.)

LANGLY: Lone Gunman.

MULDER: Its Mulder. Turn the tape recorder off.

(Langly pauses.)

LANGLY: Ok, its off.

MULDER: Turn it off!

LANGLY: Its off already.

MULDER: How would you like to have, on your front page, the first substantiated photo of an extraterrestrial biological entity?

LANGLY: No way, an E.B.E.? What do we have to do?

MULDER: Just hack me some identification numbers.




SCENE 24
POWER PLANT; MATTAWA, WASHINGTON STATE
(We see a printer printing up two security passes that read:

SECURITY PASS

Northwest Facility
Mattawa, WA

P.I.N. NAME	LEVEL
7593	Braidwood, Tom	5
5311	Stefoff, Val 5

AUTHORIZED FOR SECURITY ACCESS
LEVEL INDICATED ABOVE

MULDER: Braidwood and Stefoff.

(A man tears off a pass and comes out of the booth.)

MAN: Personal identification number?

MULDER: 7-5-9-3.

SCULLY: 5-3-1-1.

MAN: Open the trunk, please.

(Mulder pops the trunk as the man goes to the back of the car. He looks through the trunk and closes it.)

Park in Lot 4.

(He puts a sticker on the windshield.)

MULDER: Thanks.

(The gate opens and Mulder starts the car. As they start to go through, the man comes out of the booth again.)

MAN: Hey, wait!

(Mulder and Scully look at each other. The man comes up the window with two clip-on passes.)

Display these at all times. Proceed.

(Mulder takes them and nods. The two walk through hallways where phones are ringing.)

MULDER: Langly said he couldnt get into Level 6, so thats where we

(They spot a security guard in front of a door which states:

LEVEL 6
CLEARANCE
AA ACCESS
ONLY

They keep walking until they get to a pair of double doors. They stop.)

MULDER: We have to go back, we have to go through that door.

SCULLY: Were gonna look suspicious going back.

MULDER: Well, well have to find another access, then. Come on.

SCULLY: Mulder, theyre not going to let us.

(They turn around to head back but are met by the security guard.)

SECURITY GUARD: You folks come with me, please?

MULDER: Yeah, were lost, were just looking for, were trying to

SECURITY GUARD: Just proceed down the hallway.

MULDER: Yeah, if you could help us

SCULLY: Mulder, stop. Were agents with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

(She reaches for her badge, he reaches for his gun.)

Im reaching for my ID.

(He nods, she shows it.)

Were here conducting an investigation.

SECURITY GUARD: Proceed down the hallway, please.

(Scully sighs and they all walk down the hallway. The guard starts talking into his walkie-talkie.)

This is Level Two to Level Six. I have a male and a female who have identified themselves

(Mulder runs to the Level Six door. The guard pulls out his gun but Scully blocks his line of fire.)

SCULLY: Mulder, no!

SECURITY GUARD: Hey, stop!

(The guard shoves Scully out of his way. Mulder opens the door and dashes down the stairs. Many other guards with assault rifles charge the hall.)

He took the stairs! Go, go, go!

(The guards rush down the stairs, And the guard takes scully away. Mulder passes a sign that says:

NO ENTRY UNLESS:

1. Accompanied By a Staff Member Of High Voltage Research.
Or 2. Written Permission Obtained From Security Level 6

The security guards are close behind.)

SECURITY GUARD #2: Cmon guys!

(Mulder, about to go down a catwalk, tries to jump over a sign that says DANGER: HIGH VOLTAGE but misses and hurts his leg. He gets up and limps down the catwalk.)

Stay armed and loaded!

(Mulder enters a room with a humongous, futuristic machine in the middle, with a red glass pane on one of the walls.)

Hold it! I said hold it!

(He limps over, but before he can look inside, the guards surround him.)

Halt!

(The guards cock their guns and Mulder turns around. One grabs him by the wrist and takes Mulders gun. Mulder puts his hands up.)

DEEP THROAT: Let him go.

(Deep Throat walks in, carrying a gun.)

Let him go! Youve done well. Youre dismissed.

(The guards walk out. Deep Throat takes Mulders gun back and gives it to Mulder, who warily takes it.)

I know how badly, how very badly you want to look through that window

(Mulder tries to look, but Deep Throat gets in his way.)

But it would be pointless. Its dead. After the Roswell incident in 1947, even at the brink of the Cold War, there was an ultrasecret conference attended by the United States, the Soviet Union, the Peoples Republic of China, Britain, both Germanies, France and it was agreed that should any extraterrestrial biological entity survive a crash, the country that held that being would be responsible for its extermination. I, uh have the distinction of being one of three men to have exterminated such a creature.

(Mulder looks at him in awe, yet betrayed. Deep Throat walks around.)

I was with the C.I.A. in Vietnam. A UFO was sighted for five nights over Hanoi. The marines shot hit down and brought it to us. Maybe it didnt know what a gun was or perhaps they dont show emotion but that innocent and blank expression as I pulled the trigger has haunted me until I found you. Thats why I come to you, Mr. Mulder, and will continue to come to you to atone for what Ive done. And maybe sometime, through you, the truth will be known.

(Mulder looks through the window. There is an empty cot. Deep Throat looks through as well. The doors to the outside open and Mulder and Deep Throat step outside.)

Youre awfully quiet, Mr. Mulder.

MULDER: Im wondering which lie to believe.

(Deep Throat chuckles and walks off. The security guard shows Scully out, who crosses to Mulder. They watch Deep Throat walk off, shrouded in fog.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
KENWOOD, TENNESSEE, 1983
(A fire is raging in a building, and the fire chief is directing operations.)

FIRE CHIEF: Hurry and get him out of there. I need two men on the left side, now. (to an E.M.T. pushing a stretcher) Wait a second. Where are you going with him?

E.M.T.: He's dead.

FIRE CHIEF: Well, there's a woman over there who isn't, and she needs some oxygen.

(The E.M.T. leaves the stretcher. As policemen hold the crowd back, Reverend Samuel Hartley and a young boy, Samuel, make their way to the stretcher.)

FIRE CHIEF: (in background) Get on the horn, let them know we can release the hook and ladder in five minutes.

(Hartley unzips the body bag on the stretcher, and a lifeless, charred arm falls out.)

SAMUEL: I want you to rise. Rise up and heal!

FIRE CHIEF: (approaching them) What the hell are you doing?

REVEREND HARTLEY: The boy's laying on hands.

SAMUEL: Rise up and accept the miracle He has given you.

(Samuel holds the lifeless hand in his.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Amen. Hallelujah.

SAMUEL: I have the Holy Spirit of God within me tonight.

FIRE CHIEF: You don't understand. The man's dead.

REVEREND HARTLEY: Then the boy can't possibly do any harm, now can he?

SAMUEL: For this is the power of belief, the power to separate the light from the darkness. To create life from death.

REVEREND HARTLEY: Amen.

FIRE CHIEF: All right, everyone! Show's over! Let's clear the area! Go on home! Let's start getting that 1-inch back in the truck.

(The crowd begins to disperse and the fire chief walks away. The lifeless hand suddenly moves, reaching up and clasping Samuel's hand.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Hallelujah, Samuel. Hallelujah.




SCENE 2
(Scully is playing a video tape for Mulder. On it, Reverend Hartley is starting a Miracle Ministry revival in a tent. As the crowd sings and claps, he comes down the aisle to the stage.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Yes, indeedy, oh hallelujah! Hallellujah, praise God! Yes, indeedy, praise God! Yes. I want everybody to say 'Hallelujah'!

CROWD: Hallelujah!

REVEREND HARTLEY: Praise the Lord!

(Scully pauses the tape. There is a woman lying on a table beside Hartley. Behind them sits Samuel.)

SCULLY: The woman on the table has a malignant tumor on her spine. This boy, here, is going to attempt to heal her by simply laying his hands on her.

MULDER: Where'd you get this?

SCULLY: It came in from the regional office in Tennessee. The preacher's name is ...

MULDER: Reverend Calvin Hartley.

SCULLY: You've heard of him?

MULDER: The boy's his adopted son, Samuel. He claims to have found him as an infant lying in the tall weeds on the banks of the muddy Mississippi.

SCULLY: Did you know that he also claims the boy brought a man back from the dead?

MULDER: It's more than a claim. The man he saved appears as a regular attraction in the Reverend's tent ministry. The boy's been performing miracles every week for the past ten years. Twice on Sundays.

SCULLY: Well, not according to the Kenwood Country sheriff. Local authorities think that Reverend Hartley and his son are a scam. They've been trying to shut him down for some time now, but without any luck, so they've turned to the FBI to try and get a prosecution.

MULDER: For what? Fraud?

SCULLY: No, murder. Watch the tape.

(She starts the tape, and Mulder watches while munching sunflower seeds.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Lucy Kelly has the cancer. Her doctors say it is inoperable. They say it is incurable. But I say to you that what the doctors cannot cure, the Lord can. (crowd cheers and shouts 'amen') Yes, indeedy, praise God! Because God can work miracles. Today the clear light of God's healing love is flowing through Samuel's healing hands.

(Samuel has laid his hands on Lucy Kelly. Scully stops the tape.)

SCULLY: Twenty minutes later Lucy Kelly was rushed to the hospital. She was pronounced dead on arrival.

MULDER: What was the cause of death?

SCULLY: I don't know, but it wasn't cancer. They've requested someone with a medical background to assist local police in the investigation. I know this isn't an X-File ...

MULDER: When do we leave for Tennessee?




SCENE 3
MIRACLE MINISTRY, KENWOOD TENNESSEE
(The sign on the front of the tent reads "Reverend Calvin Hartley presents his Miracle Ministry featuring healer Samuel Hartley. Come as you are ... leave as you always wanted to be." Mulder and Scully approach the tent, passing a souvenir stand selling shirts and baseball caps. There is a crowd around the stand and around the entrance to the tent.)

MULDER: I think I saw some of these same people at Woodstock.

SCULLY: (smiling) Mulder, you weren't at Woodstock.

MULDER: I saw the movie.

(They give their tickets to a man at the entrance and he hands them flyers. They enter the tent.)

(Nearby, Sheriff Daniels gets out of his van. He walks around to the passenger's door, and his wife Lillian is sitting in the van.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: You all right by yourself?

LILLIAN DANIELS: I'll be fine.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Good. I won't be long.

(He touches her cheek and she smiles at him. The Sheriff walks away. After he leaves, Lillian sighs and looks downward.)

(Hartley is addressing the crowd, which includes Mulder and Scully.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Most of you here today I know as neighbors and as cherished members of our Miracle Ministry. But some of you have come from far away, as far away as (points to one side of the crowd) Pensacola, Florida, (cheers) and (points toward the other side) Uniondale, Long Island. (more cheers) Wayne Ashton and his family. And it is especially to those of you who come from so far that I must apologize from the bottom of my heart, because unfortunately Samuel cannot be here this afternoon. (groans from the crowd) I know, I know how very deeply disappointed each and every one of you must be feeling right now, but I say unto you, do not be dismayed. Do not despair. Do not lose your hope ... because in two short days, Samuel will be back here at our very special Miracle Mission. (cheers) Yes, indeed, praise God, he will be back here ...

SCULLY: Maybe we should head backstage and see what the Reverend has to say.

MULDER: No, wait, wait, this is the part where they bring out Elvis.

REVEREND HARTLEY: ... on the faithful. Because as these blessed people up here are about to testify, Samuel can heal you. Samuel will heal you, but ... only if you believe. (several in the crowd shout "I believe!")

(Reverend Hartley is exiting from the back of the tent. He is followed by Leonard Vance, who is dressed in black with sunglasses, a black hat and black gloves. A man calls to Hartley as he steps out. Mulder and Scully are waiting for Hartley.)

MAN: Fine sermon, Reverend!

REVEREND HARTLEY: (to Man) God bless you!

SCULLY: (flashing her badge) Reverend Hartley? We're with the FBI.

REVEREND HARTLEY: I see Sheriff Daniels has sent in the cavalry.

SCULLY: We just want to talk to Samuel for a couple of minutes, that's all.

REVEREND HARTLEY: He's not here.

MULDER: Well, where is he?

REVEREND HARTLEY: I don't know. I haven't seen him. The boy's been a bit troubled lately.

VANCE: We're running late, Reverend.

REVEREND HARTLEY: If you'll excuse me ...

(Hartley gets into the back of a white Cadillac. Vance stares at Mulder and Scully for a moment, then gets in the back seat as well. The car, which has license plate "B HEALD", then pulls away, passing Sheriff Daniels. Daniels approaches Mulder and Scully.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Sheriff Daniels. We spoke on the phone.

MULDER: Oh, yeah. This is Special Agent Dana Scully.

(Daniels shakes hands with both.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: Right. (to Scully) You requested a copy of the coroner's report.

SCULLY: Right. Thank you.

(Daniels gives her an envelope. Scully opens it and reads the contents as they all walk along.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: I see you folks got a chance to take in the Holy Rollers' Sideshow.

MULDER: Something tells me you're not a member of the Reverend Hartley's flock.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Well, I remember Hartley when he was a soapbox preacher collecting dollar bills in coffee cans. Since the boy joined the act, he's got himself a Cadillac for every day of the week ... bought for with money that should be used to improve our roads and schools.

MULDER: People want to believe, you know.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Ninety-nine percent of the people in this world are fools ... and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion.

MULDER: Well, even if Hartley and Samuel are fakes, it's still a long way from accusing the boy of murder.

SHERIFF DANIELS: I got witnesses that say the boy was there laying hands on those people when they died.

MULDER: You think that's how he killed them? With a touch?

SHERIFF DANIELS: I don't claim to know how or why he did it. But we've been looking for the boy since Tuesday, and he does not want to be found.

SCULLY: Well, there's nothing out of the ordinary about these reports, except that there were no autopsies performed.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Hartley managed to block my autopsy requests on religious grounds. Also doesn't help that the country coroner is a dues-paying member of the Miracle Ministry.

SCULLY: Well, maybe we can arrange to have the bodies exhumed.




SCENE 4
CEMETERY
(That night, Mulder, Scully, the Sheriff and a deputy are in the cemetery as a backhoe digs up a grave. Mulder looks behind them and sees a group of people approaching, some carrying candles.)

MULDER: Sheriff.

SHERIFF DANIELS: It's Reverend Hartley's group. Damn. I told my people to keep quiet so this wouldn't happen.

MULDER: Looks like you may have a few believers on the payroll.

(The group approaches. They are led by Vance.)

VANCE: On behalf of the Miracle Ministry, we demand that you stop this sacrilege.

SHERIFF DANIELS: You're not just dealing with me any more, Vance. You're dealing with the FBI.

SCULLY: We don't mean you any disrespect. We're investigating a possible homicide, and federal law requires that we do a post-mortem examination on these bodies.

VANCE: I'm afraid we answer to an even higher authority than the U.S. government - one that considers grave digging and defiling corpses mortal sins.

(Vance is still wearing his all-black outfit. The skin on his face is rough, as if from skin grafts.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: We'll get that autopsy, Vance, sooner or later. You know we will.

VANCE: The deceased's family does not want her grave disturbed.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Carol Wallace had no family.

(Daniels has been listening to traffic on his radio. He steps aside to talk to his deputy.)

VANCE: We were her family. We were her family, and it was hard enough to bury her once. So if you insist on going through with this, we are prepared to maintain a vigil and do whatever it takes to stop you.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Mulder? Scully? (they step aside with him) One of my men just spotted the boy's car downtown.

SCULLY: We can't do much here, anyway.

MULDER: Let's go.




SCENE 5
DOWNTOWN
(Their cars arrive downtown.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: Not a very likely place to be saving souls.

(They enter a pool hall. A number of chairs are turned over. The proprieter, Zook, is uprighting them.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: Where's the boy, Zook?

ZOOK: He's in the can.

SHERIFF DANIELS: What happened here?

ZOOK: That damned fool started a fight. Figures them Bible-thumpers wouldn't know how to hold their liquor.

(Samuel has staggered back to his seat at a table near the bar. His face is bruised. Daniels approaches him. Mulder and Scully follow.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: Where you been, Samuel? We've been looking for you.

SAMUEL: (lighting a cigarette) Yeah. I've been thinking.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Well, you're gonna have plenty of time for that now, son. I'm putting you under arrest.

SAMUEL: For murder?

SHERIFF DANIELS: For suspicion of murder.

SAMUEL: Mind if I finish my beer first?

SHERIFF DANIELS: No, you go right on ahead. I'm gonna have someone take a statement from you. I'll see what I can do about getting your Caddy towed.

(Daniels starts away but Mulder calls after him.)

MULDER: Hey, Sheriff? What evidence do you have to charge the boy with murder?

SHERIFF DANIELS: Well, what more do you want? The boy's practically giving himself up.

MULDER: Look at him, though. He's drunk.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Then I'll add 'drunk and disorderly.' Let's get this straight. It's not a question about the boy's guilt - just how he did it.

MULDER: Let me have a minute with him?

SHERIFF DANIELS: Suit yourself.

MULDER: Samuel, I'm Agent Mulder. This is Agent Scully - from the FBI. (they sit down with him) Looks like you took quite a beating there.

SAMUEL: Penance, Mr. Mulder.

SCULLY: Some might call it a plain old bar brawl.

SAMUEL: You know what they say - he giveth then he taketh away. A man gets too proud - sometimes it does him good to get the crap kicked out him. Saves God the trouble.

SCULLY: The trouble of what?

SAMUEL: Humbling the guilty sinner.

MULDER: Guilty of murder?

SAMUEL: Yes, sir.

MULDER: How'd you do it, Samuel?

SAMUEL: Apparently, my pride and weakness were an invitation to the Devil. I muddied the river of my own faith. Now my gift has been corrupted.

SCULLY: So you're saying that you killed those people with a touch?

SAMUEL: I've laid my hands on the ill. Given them health. I've healed the sick. I've even touched the dying and given them life. God has given me a special gift.

SCULLY: Did he buy you all that jewelry, too? I think there's something missing in your story, Samuel.

SAMUEL: (sharply) Do you doubt the power of God, ma'am?

SCULLY: No. But I doubt the veracity of your claims.

SAMUEL: I've looked on the infirm and seen their sickness ... their cancer. Just as I can see the pain on this man (points at Mulder) right here.

MULDER: Really? What pain is that?

SAMUEL: The pain you have regarding a brother or a sister. It's an old pain. It's never been healed.

SCULLY: Is this some kind of a trick?

SAMUEL: No trick, ma'am.

SCULLY: (standing up) I think we should get the sheriff ...

MULDER: (remaining seated) I want to hear more about this pain. Tell me.

SAMUEL: I can see it, plain as day. It was a sister. You lost her, a sister quite young. Someone took her away.

MULDER: What else do you see?

SAMUEL: Strangers. A bright light.

SCULLY: Sheriff?

SAMUEL: You should have come here earlier. Chance I could have healed your pain.

SHERIFF DANIELS: All right, let's get this over with.

MULDER: Hey, I need another minute with him.

SAMUEL: I can't help you. Not any more. My gift is gone.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Cuff him. (the deputy does) All right, let's go. You have the right to remain silent ...

(As the sheriff and deputy lead Samuel away, Mulder puts his hand to his eyes, affected by Samuel's words.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: You have the right to an attorney ...

SAMUEL: (turning back to Mulder) I'll tell you, Mr. Mulder. God watches over his flock. He gives us signs every day. Open your heart. He might just open your eyes.

(Samuel is led away. Mulder is still shaken.)

SCULLY: How do you think he does it?

MULDER: I don't know.




SCENE 6
KENWOOD COUNTY COURTHOUSE
(A preliminary hearing is being held for Samuel. Mulder and Scully are in the gallery.)

DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Given his exemplary record, and the highly circumstatial nature of this case, I ask that my client be released on his own recognizance, without bail ...

SAMUEL: (stands up) Judge! That is not a good idea.

REVEREND HARTLEY: (from the gallery) Samuel!

SAMUEL: Let me go and it'll be on your head!

JUDGE: (banging gavel) Enough! This is not a pulpit. This is a court of law. Is that understood?

SAMUEL: Yes, sir. (he sits)

DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Sorry.

DISTRICT ATTORNEY: Your honor. Despite the defendant's avowed guilt, we see no reason to burden the county with his maintenance until trial. But we do request a minimum bail of $100,000.

JUDGE: All right. If there are no objections, bail is set at $100,000, to be deposited directly into the clerk's probation account.

(As the judge speaks, locusts start flying around the courtroom. There are scattered screams from the gallery. The judge stands and waves at the locusts flying around him.)

JUDGE: My God! What the ... Good God! What is this? What?

(The bench and tables are covered with locusts.)

DEFENSE ATTORNEY: Oh God!

SAMUEL: (standing and addressing the crowd) How much more will it take for you to believe? The Lord has testified against me. Does the serpent have to bite you all on the ass 'til you understand?

BALIFF: Everybody, clear this courtroom!

(Samuel raises his arms to heaven and clenches his fists as the rest hurry out of the courtroom. Reverend Hartley encounters Sheriff Daniels outside the courtroom and stops, as if to say something to him. From behind, Leonard Vance puts his hand on Hartley's shoulder. Hartley and Vance then leave.)




SCENE 7
MOTEL ROOM
(Mulder and Scully are in his motel room. Mulder reads from the Bible while Scully examines one of the locusts.)

MULDER: "And when it was morning, the east wind brought the locusts. And the locusts covered the face of the whole earth, so that the land was darkened and they did eat every herb of the ...

SCULLY: Why, Mulder?

MULDER: (lying down on the bed) ... land, and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left."

SCULLY: A few thousand grasshoppers does not constitute a plague. Besides which, we're in farm country. This area is an agricultural smorgasbord for this type of infestation.

MULDER: Yeah, maybe in a cornfield, but this happened in a courtroom.

SCULLY: So what's next? The slaying of the firstborn? (Mulder chuckles) Mulder, does this have something to do with what Samuel said in the bar last night - about your sister?

(Mulder closes the Bible and hands her a file that was lying on the bed. She looks through it.)

MULDER: I had these patient cases sent over from Kenwood County Hospital. These are physician-documented cases of patients who went to Samuel after conventional treatments failed.

SCULLY: "Spontaneous remission of metastatic cancer ... regenerated nerve growth after post-trauma paraplegia ..."

MULDER: I've encountered dozens of psychic healers in the X-Files, but none like this. I think the kid's for real.

SCULLY: Mulder, I admit this is intriguing, but there's a whole library of medical literature dealing with unexplained spontaneous cures.

MULDER: Well, western medicine treats the human body in biochemical terms, right?

SCULLY: Um-hmm.

MULDER: But the body can also be treated as an electromagnetic system.

SCULLY: So your theory is that if Samuel can repair this energy field in order to heal, he can also destroy it in order to kill.

MULDER: Why not?

SCULLY: OK, say that Samuel's touch can kill. Why would he want to?

MULDER: Well, you heard him, Scully. He muddied the river of his own faith. That means he's ...

(There's a knock on the door. Mulder answers. It is Leonard Vance.)

VANCE: If you're available, the Reverend would like to see you.




SCENE 8
REVEREND HARTLEY RESIDENCE
(Mulder and Scully visit Hartley in his home. He sits behind a large desk, his back to the window.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: I've been under a great deal of stress lately ... which I know doesn't excuse my rude behavior yesterday, but I hope, somehow, you found it in your hearts to forgive me.

MULDER: Why did you want to speak with us?

REVEREND HARTLEY: I need your help.

MULDER: Samuel's being tried for murder. I think what you need is a good lawyer.

REVEREND HARTLEY: Samuel is innocent.

MULDER: Well, how can you be sure of that?

REVEREND HARTLEY: Because he's my son.

MULDER: Somehow, I don't think that argument will work on a jury. And Samuel's confession won't help much, either.

REVEREND HARTLEY: You have to understand. Samuel is a very complicated young man. He feels things like no one else. To him, a pinprick becomes a gaping wound. His power comes from this ability to feel. But you see, some people fear that power. And out of their weakness and their fear, they seek to destroy it.

SCULLY: You mean Sheriff Daniels?

REVEREND HARTLEY: I mean, it's no secret Sheriff Daniels has been trying to shut me down since I first opened my tent ten years ago.

SCULLY: Well, he seems to think that your ministry is a fraud.

REVEREND HARTLEY: He's a faithless man, Agent Scully. His wife - she suffers from a most painful arthritis, her fingers twisted like bitter roots. Yet he keeps Samuel from ministering to her.

SCULLY: In light of recent events, you can't blame him.

REVEREND HARTLEY: I don't know how those poor people died. I can't explain that. Which is why I'm asking you to be there tonight so you could see for yourselves, Samuel doing God's work. Can I count on you both to be there?

(Mulder looks past Hartley and sees a young girl with long brown hair, wearing a red dress, in the yard.)

SCULLY: I think so. Mulder, what do you think?

MULDER: Excuse me.

(He leaves abruptly, to the surprise of Scully and Hartley. Mulder runs out the front door and looks around but sees no sign of the little girl. There is a man waxing one of the cars in the driveway.)

MULDER: (to Man) Hey, where'd she go?

MAN: Who?

MULDER: A little girl.

MAN: There's no little girl around here.

(Mulder looks upstairs and sees Samuel standing in the window. Scully comes out of the front door.)

SCULLY: Mulder. What is it?

MULDER: It's a girl.

SCULLY: Who? Jessica Hahn?

MULDER: A little girl.

(He looks back at the upstairs window but Samuel is no longer there.)




SCENE 9
MIRACLE MINISTRY TENT
(That evening, guests are entering the Miracle Ministry's tent, passing a table with refreshments. Leonard Vance is greeting them.)

VANCE: Well, brothers and sisters, help yourselves. Now, let folks with the wheelchairs though, now, that's right, don't be shy.

(Margaret Hohman, a young woman in a wheelchair, enters followed by her parents)

VANCE: Hello there, welcome to the Miracle Ministry. Y'all come to see Samuel tonight?

MARGARET'S MOTHER: Yes. Is he going to be here? The papers said ...

VANCE: Oh, and don't mind what you read in the papers. God's work will be done. (hands Margaret a cup) Young Samuel's here to cast out the Devil and heal the sick.

MARGARET'S FATHER: Did you hear that, honey?

MARGARET HOHMAN: Will he be able to see me?

VANCE: Well, I'll tell you what. I'm gonna put in a special word, hmm. What's your name, darling?

MARGARET HOHMAN: Margaret Hohman.

VANCE: Margaret? Well, Margaret, you wait right here. I'm gonna see if I can't get somebody to put you in the front row. How'd that be, huh?

(Margaret's mother hugs her as she takes a sip from the cup.)

(Backstage, Samuel sits at a dressing table. Hartley is behind him.)

SAMUEL: I can't go out there ... not after what's happened.

REVEREND HARTLEY: God tests the faith in us all, son. And because He's chosen you to act in His likeness, He's given you the toughest test of all. (Vance enters) Do not forsake your gifts, Samuel.

SAMUEL: Aw, man ...

(Hartley lifts Samuel by the shoulders and turns him around.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: I'm a preacher, son. That's my gift. But all the preaching in the world could not equal even a small miracle in consolidating the faith and hope of these people. Let this man - (puts a hand on Vance's shoulder) - whose life you saved, give witness tonight to the grace and goodness of your healing power.

VANCE: They're all waiting on you, Samuel.

(In the tent, the choir is singing "Ready, you got to be ready" over and over while the crowd claps and sings along. Mulder and Scully enter and find a seat.)

ANNOUNCER: Reverend Calvin Hartley.

(Hartley enters and waves to applause.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Yes, indeedy, praise God. Hallelujah!

ALL: Hallelujah!

REVEREND HARTLEY: Praise the Lord!

ALL: Praise the Lord!

REVEREND HARTLEY: God is here tonight. Oh, yes!

(An assistant hands Mulder the collection plate.)

ASSISTANT: Pass it down please.

REVEREND HARTLEY: I feel his presence. Oh, amen.

(Mulder hands the plate to Scully, who notes the money in it. She passes it down.)

SCULLY: Apparently miracles don't come cheap.

REVEREND HARTLEY: God is here, and He is here to heal!

(The crowd cheers.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: Yes, heal. Hallelujah. There's a man I'd like to introduce to you - a man who has seen the face of God but who was not satisfied to go to that great place, oh no. No, God had work for him to do right here on earth ... as it is in heaven, mm-hmm. (crowd cheers) I saw this man come back from beyond death's door. (points to Vance) He stands here today as a living testament to the ability of God to work miracles. Ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters, our beloved friend, Leonard Vance.

(He hands the microphone to Vance.)

VANCE: As it says in John, chapter 3, "no man can do these miracles unless God be with him." That man, to whom I owe my life, is Samuel Hartley, and he is here tonight to heal you.

REVEREND HARTLEY: Thank you, Leonard. Ladies and gentlemen, God's soldier ... Samuel Hartley.

(As Samuel comes out to cheers and singing, Mulder looks over and sees the little girl at the side of the tent. He rises and walks in that direction.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

(Samuel walks over to those on the front row.)

SAMUEL: (touching a woman's cheek) Receive God's love. (taking a young man's head in his hands) You have the power of God.

(Mulder is moving through the crowd but no longer sees the little girl. Samuel kneels in front of Margaret's wheelchair.)

SAMUEL: Pray with me.

(He touches her cheek. Margaret's parents, each with a hand on her shoulder, pray as well.)

(Mulder continues to move through the crowd but doesn't see the little girl.)

SAMUEL: Close your eyes.

(He continues to touch her cheek. Margaret gasps, then starts to heave loudly. Shocked, Samuel rises and backs away as Margaret's parents try to help her.)

MARGARET'S FATHER: What have you done, boy?

REVEREND HARTLEY: All right, everyone, remain calm. Let's give the young woman some room here.

(Scully is pushing her way through the crowd toward Margaret.)

SCULLY: I'm a doctor.

REVEREND HARTLEY: Everybody, praise God. Say hallelujah!

(Scully reaches Margaret and kneels in front of her. Margaret is having convulsions.)

SCULLY: Somebody get an ambulance!

REVEREND HARTLEY: All right now, don't panic. Just praise the Lord!

(Sheriff Daniels and Mulder approach the front as well. Margaret falls silent and Scully checks her pulse and then stands.)

SCULLY: (to Mulder) She's dead.

(Margaret's mother sobs loudly and hugs her daughter. Hartley hustles Samuel, who is also in tears, off the stage.)




SCENE 10
KENWOOD COUNTY HOSPITAL
(Outside, Vance speaks with a group of mourners carrying candles.)

VANCE: ... a loving friend. Children of God. Brothers and sisters. If you desecrate the body, then you slay the soul. Let's keep this poor woman's body intact.

(Inside, Scully talks to Margaret's father in a hallway, as Mulder leans on the wall nearby.)

SCULLY: We know the Reverend Hartley's been pressuring you, but this is the third death linked with the Miracle Ministry.

MARGARET'S FATHER: Reverend Hartley says an autopsy is against scripture.

SCULLY: What illness did your daughter suffer from, Mr. Hohman?

MARGARET'S FATHER: She had M.S.

SCULLY: And has she ever had a siezure before this?

MARGARET'S FATHER: Not to my knowledge.

SCULLY: You see, I think that the siezure she had is indicative of some kind of embolism or aneurysm.

MARGARET'S FATHER: But the boy only touched her forehead.

SCULLY: And are you going to be content to bury her without knowing the true cause of death? Without knowing if there was foul play involved?

MARGARET'S FATHER: Give me a moment.

(He steps over and kneels beside his wife, who is sitting in a chair and crying. Mulder and Scully move farther down the hall and talk quietly.)

MULDER: Do you think the boy really did it?

SCULLY: No.

MULDER: Why not?

SCULLY: I was raised a Catholic, and I have a certain familiarity with the scripture. And God never lets the Devil steal the show.

MULDER: (smiling) You must have really liked 'The Exorcist'?

SCULLY: (nodding and smiling) One of my favorite movies.

(Mulder leans against the wall again, looking drained.)

SCULLY: So who were you pursuing in the crowd tonight?

MULDER: I thought I saw someone I knew.

SCULLY: That boy really has you going, doesn't he?

MULDER: Why do you say that?

SCULLY: In the bar, Samuel mentioned your sister. Is it your sister you keep thinking you're seeing?

MULDER: I've seen her twice now.

SCULLY: Maybe you just want to see her.

MULDER: Oh ... I'm not delusional, Scully.

SCULLY: Mulder, don't discount the power of suggestion. A healer's greatest magic lies in the patient's willingness to believe. Imagine a miracle and you're halfway there. We learned that in med school.

MULDER: You think this is what Margaret Hohman and her parents were imagining?

(They start back up the hall. Margaret's father approaches.)

MARGARET'S FATHER: (nodding) We're gonna go along with your investigation.




SCENE 11
MORGUE
(Scully is in full surgical gear, preparing to conduct the autopsy. She sharpens a large knife.)

SCULLY: (Into microphone) 11:21 pm, March 7. Subject's name is Margaret Hohman, female, caucasian, 107 pounds.

(Mulder turns his head as she begins.)

(Time passes. It is now 12:29 am.)

SCULLY: Mulder, take a look at this.

MULDER: Do I have to?

SCULLY: (with a lung in her hands) Lesions on the lungs here. I'm finding them throughout the cardiovascular and pulmonary systems. There's also a lot of damage to the mucous membranes. I think that she must have died from cellular hypoxia - a lack of oxygen to the cells.

MULDER: What would cause that?

SCULLY: My guess? Ingestion or injection of sodium or potassium cyanide, maybe arsenic. I won't know exactly until I run a toxicology screen on her.

MULDER: How soon?

SCULLY: Labs won't be open 'til morning.

MULDER: See who you can push to have it done, as soon as possible. (He leaves)




SCENE 12
KENWOOD COUNTY JAIL
(Samuel is lying on the cot in his cell. Mulder approaches with a deputy.)

MULDER: Samuel? It's Agent Mulder.

SAMUEL: Yeah. What do you want?

MULDER: I want to talk with you. If you'd prefer your attorney were present ...

SAMUEL: Whatever. No.

(The deputy opens the door and Mulder enters.)

MULDER: I put a call in to Sheriff Daniels. He's on his way down here. I'm gonna ask him to release you.

(The jailer closes the door. Samuel gets up.)

SAMUEL: Why are you doing this? You were there, man. You saw for yourself.

MULDER: Did you poison Margaret Hohman?

SAMUEL: Did I poison her?

MULDER: Did you poison her using potassium or sodium cyanide, because that's what killed her.

SAMUEL: What are you talking about? (he sits on the cot)

MULDER: You're innocent, Samuel - unless you had a hand in administering it, and I don't think you did.

SAMUEL: Whatever the cause, Mr. Mulder, I am responsible. (he lies back on the cot)

MULDER: Well, the evidence will be presented at your arraignment tomorrow. The habeas corpus law will force them to release you, so you might as well go home and get some rest anyway.

SAMUEL: Just leave me alone, OK?

MULDER: Look, Samuel, if you think that the punishment for your sins is the deaths of those people ...

SAMUEL: The Lord has testified against me, Mr. Mulder!

MULDER: I can't stand here and argue with your Biblical rhetoric, but I do know that the law will find you innocent!

(Samuel says nothing but looks down. Mulder kneels in front of him.)

MULDER: You said you could see my pain. Look at me. (Samuel does) What do you see now?

SAMUEL: I see nothing. I am blind.

MULDER: I don't believe you. I've seen her. It was her, wasn't it?

SAMUEL: Your sister?

MULDER: You made her appear to me, didn't you? Look at me.

SAMUEL: (sharply) I am very tired, Mr. Mulder.

MULDER: (loudly) Is she alive? Is that what I'm supposed to believe, or is this a trick?

SAMUEL: You mean ... a trick of the Devil?

MULDER: (sighs in exasperation) Jailer!

(Mulder, annoyed, strides out of the cell block, encountering Sheriff Daniels and another deputy.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: I see I'm a little late for this ball.

MULDER: I called you down here to ask you to release the boy.

SHERIFF DANIELS: On what pretense?

MULDER: His innocence.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Aren't you a little out of your depth, Agent Mulder? This may be Hicksville to you, but we do try and hew to the legal system.

MULDER: I don't want to pick a fight. He seems determined to stay here anyway.

SHERIFF DANIELS: What does that tell you?

MULDER: It tells me that you're determined to have him charged, while your real homicide suspect is still at large. (he leaves)

(Later, the deputy, the same one that was standing with Daniels, brings two men into the cell block and opens the door to Samuel's cell.)

DEPUTY: I got some company for you, Sam.

(The men enter and the deputy closes the door and walks away. The men slam Samuel against the door. Down the corridor, a prisoner stares at the deputy as he walks by.)

DEPUTY: (to prisoner) What are you looking at?

(Back in Samuel's cell, the two men punch him repeatedly.)




SCENE 13
(The next morning, Deputy Tyson rings the bell at Sheriff Daniel's house. His wife starts for the door in her motorized wheelchair as the Sheriff comes down the stairs.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: I'll get it. I'll get it.

(They go together to the door. The sheriff opens it.)

DEPUTY TYSON: Ma'am. Sheriff.

LILLIAN DANIELS: Hey, Dennis. How are you?

DEPUTY TYSON: Just fine, ma'am, just fine. (to Sheriff) Except we had an incident down at the jail.

SHERIFF DANIELS: What incident would that be, Tyson?

DEPUTY TYSON: The preacher boy - he's dead.




SCENE 14
KENWOOD COUNTY JAIL
(Outside, Samuel's body is being taken away as a small crowd watches. Scully and Mulder are with the Sheriff.)

SCULLY: He was alone in his cell when Mulder left him this morning. How could this have happened?

SHERIFF DANIELS: The boy started a fight with a couple of rowdies we picked up on a DUI. He took some pretty mean blows to the head. He died before the ambulance got here.

(Hartley and Vance arrive in a car. Daniels starts to walk away.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: (to Sheriff) His blood is spilled! And it's all over you! (points at him)

VANCE: Reverend ...

(The sheriff stops and Hartley approaches him.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: How much longer are you gonna hide behind that badge (pokes at the badge) before the truth is revealed.

SHERIFF DANIELS: I have work to do.

(He walks away. Hartley starts to follow, but Vance grabs him by the arm. Scully approaches them.)

SCULLY: Reverend Hartley. We're sorry for your loss.

REVEREND HARTLEY: (near tears) That boy ... he was blessed. He never hurt a soul.

VANCE: Come on now, Reverend. Our friends will be finding out about Samuel sooner than later, and well, it's probably best if they hear it from you. Come on. (to Scully) Ma'am.

(They leave. Scully steps back to Mulder, who has been standing alone gazing into space.)

SCULLY: You've got that look on your face, Mulder.

MULDER: What look is that?

SCULLY: The kind when you've forgotten your keys and you're trying to figure out how to get back in the house.

(He gives her a tight-lipped grin.)




SCENE 15
COURTROOM
(Later, they are in the empty courtroom. Mulder looks around the judge's bench.)

SCULLY: What exactly are we trying to find?

MULDER: Clues.

SCULLY: Oh.

(Mulder walks over and steps on a dead locust. He picks it up and examines it.)

SCULLY: What does it mean?

(They look up and see a couple more dead locusts in the vent overhead.)

MULDER: Let's find out.

(On the roof, Mulder finds a small morsel near the ventilation intake. He calls Scully over.)

MULDER: Scully. (showing it to her) It's potato. (looking into the intake) Someone left a trail of food in the ventilation system, leading to the courtroom. You dump your locusts in here ... instant plague.

SCULLY: Well, where did they all come from?

MULDER: Biological supply houses usually hatch them on order to farms and universities. It shouldn't be too hard to find out who set this up.

SCULLY: And you think whoever did this is responsible for the murders.

(Mulder nods.)




SCENE 16
HARTLEY RESIDENCE
(That night, a thunderstorm rages outside. Vance tosses and turns in an upstairs bedroom at Hartley's mansion. There is a crash of thunder and Vance sees Samuel standing in front of the bed. There is an aura around Samuel's body. Vance gasps and climbs out of bed.)

VANCE: You're dead. They killed you.

SAMUEL: I was dead. But here I am.

VANCE: No!

SAMUEL: Why did you betray me?

(Vance swings his cane at Samuel but hits nothing. Now Samuel is behind him.)

SAMUEL: You murdered those people. (Vance turns and gasps again) They came to me to be healed, and you murdered them. Why? After I gave you back your life?

VANCE: (holding out his damaged hands) You call this life?

(Later, Hartley answers a knock on the door. It's Sheriff Daniels with Mulder and Scully.)

REVEREND HARTLEY: (to Sheriff) What in tarnation do you want?

SHERIFF DANIELS: We have a warrant for the arrest of Leonard Vance. Where is he?

REVEREND HARTLEY: You must be mistaken.

SCULLY: I'm afraid not, Reverend. We've traced a pesticide order to him from a chemical company in Knoxville. Cyanogen bromide - it's a cyanide derivative.

REVEREND HARTLEY: Leonard poisoned those people?

(As they enter his bedroom, Vance lies on his bed, whimpering.)

SHERIFF DANIELS: Get your clothes on, Vance. You're under arrest.

VANCE: (gasping) I betrayed him.

(Scully sniffs the contents of a glass by his bedside.)

SCULLY: Cyanide - there's no way to tell how much he's ingested.

MULDER: I'll call an ambulance.

SCULLY: It's too late, we have to get him to the hospital ourselves.

VANCE: (breathlessly) I thought, "why didn't he let me die?" Beware of false prophets who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravening wolves. That's what I thought he was, because who else would bring me back ... looking like this. He was here.

MULDER: Who?

VANCE: Samuel.

SHERIFF DANIELS: The man's delirious.

VANCE: He was here, Reverend. Right in this room. And he forgave me.

(Vance gasps again and dies.)




SCENE 17
SCULLY'S ROOM
(Later that night, Scully types on her laptop computer.)

SCULLY: (voiceover) Rather than simply killing Samuel, Vance contrived to kill the ministry's faith in him. We have conclusive evidence connecting him both to the courtroom infestation and to the poisoning deaths of three members of the ministry. Vance's obsession outlived Samuel, however. His conscience haunted him until he became delusory and finally took his own life, effectively ending our investigation. In light of this information, it is highly doubtful that there have ever been any miracles in Kenwood, Tennessee.

(Mulder is in his room, packing his things, including a framed photograph of young Samantha. His phone rings.)

MULDER: (to phone) Mulder.

(As Scully closes her computer, there's a knock on her door.)

MULDER: (from outside the door) Scully. (she opens it) Sheriff Daniels just called. Samuel's body is missing from the morgue.




SCENE 18
MORGUE
(At the morgue, Mulder pulls out the empty tray where Samuel's body was being kept. He is with Scully, Sheriff Daniels and Deputy Tyson.)

MULDER: Any witnesses?

DEPUTY TYSON: One, so far. The night nurse who made the report - Beatrice Salinger.

MULDER: She saw somebody take the body?

DEPUTY TYSON: Not actually.

MULDER: What do you mean, not actually?

SHERIFF DANIELS: Talk sense, deputy.

DEPUTY TYSON: She didn't exactly see anyone taking the body.

SHERIFF DANIELS: Well, what then?

DEPUTY TYSON: She, uh, she claims she saw Samuel walking out by himself. Sounds crazy, I know, but that's what she told me.

MULDER: (heading out of the morgue) You coming, Sheriff?

(Mulder, Scully and the sheriff are now talking to Beatrice Salinger.)

BEATRICE SALINGER: I was drinking my coffee and going over the night orders for my ward, 7 South, when he walked right by me. His face was all black and blue.

MULDER: And you're sure it was him?

BEATRICE SALINGER: Well, at first I thought my eyes were playing tricks, which happens a lot on graveyard. So I got up to look again, but I lost him around the corner. He just vanished. Then I went to check the morgue, and his body was gone.

SHERIFF DANIELS: I don't believe this. This is insane. I'm not gonna listen to any more of this woman's crazy talk. (he starts to leave)

BEATRICE SALINGER: I'm not the only one who saw him, Sheriff, so I know I'm not crazy. Other people saw him, too. (the sheriff leaves) (to Mulder and Scully) I'm not crazy. It was Samuel.




SCENE 19
SHERIFF DANIELS' RESIDENCE
(Daniels returns home the next morning. He pauses on a wooden bridge over a culvert in his front yard and sits on the railing, thinking.)

(Later, his wife reads the morning paper, which has a large headline that reads "MURDERED FAITH HEALER RISES FROM DEAD / NURSE CLAIMS TO BE WITNESS." The sheriff sits quietly near her.)

LILLIAN DANIELS: This isn't true, Maurice? Is it? The boy was an awful fake, just like you said, wasn't he Maurice? (emotionally) Wasn't he, Maurice?

(He looks at her but doesn't answer. She starts to cry. There's a knock on the door. The sheriff opens to door to the flashing lights of Deputy Tyson's car beacons.)

DEPUTY TYSON: Sir ... gonna have to ask you to come with me. District Attorney wants to ask you some questions concerning the boy's death.




SCENE 20
OUTSIDE MINISTRY TENT
(Later, Scully and Mulder are in front of the ministry's tent as workers carry a large sign by that reads "Miracle Ministry - Samuel Saves." They are also discarding "Samuel Heals" posters.)

SCULLY: Sundays will probably never be the same again in these parts.

MULDER: I have a strong sense the Reverend Hartley's not going to be able to give up the pulpit.

SCULLY: Even without his son?

MULDER: It might even strengthen his faith. Remember, the boy did rise from the dead. That kind of thing happens only once or twice every two thousand years or so.

SCULLY: Yeah, and I have a story about a plague of locusts. I just hope Reverend Hartley didn't arrange this body snatching as his miracle of miracles.

MULDER: Somehow, I don't think so.

SCULLY: What exactly do you think?

MULDER: I think people are looking hard for miracles ... so hard that maybe they make themselves see what they want to see.

(He steps to the car and unlocks the door. In the door window, he sees the reflection of the little girl again. He whirls but doesn't see her. As he stares at the area, Scully gets into the passenger's seat.)

SCULLY: You coming, Mulder?

(He gets in and they drive away, passing a trash can with several "Samuel Heals" posters.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
TWO MEDICINE RANCH,
BROWNING, MONTANA
(It is a dark and stormy night. Inside their home, Jim and Lyle Parker load their shotguns. The sound of an animal roaring can be heard. The Parkers step outside and walk toward their barn. Lyle, the son, enters a stall in the barn to check on a horse. He then steps out of the barn and finds a bull lying dead. He hears a growl nearby and looks around. With his gun raised, he enters the barn again. A hideous face is seen watching him, and then Lyle is attacked from behind by a large animal and falls on the barn floor. Jim Parker hears the roar. The animal, which looks like a man-beast of some sort, swipes at Lyle, then throws him outside the barn and through a fence. Jim Parker fires his shotgun, and the beast is hit in the back and falls. Jim runs to assist Lyle, who is still lying on the ground. He looks over at the beast, but instead sees a dead man lying on his back, blood flowing from his chest.)




SCENE 2
(Mulder and Scully are talking with Jim and Lyle Parker in their ranchhouse. There are numerous mounted animal heads on the walls. The Parker's attorney, David Gates, is also in the room.)

JIM PARKER: I'm not a killer ... and I never meant to hurt no one. But I'm tired of my cattle being butchered a hundred miles from the slaughterhouse. That's the fourth one this month alone.

MULDER: Then who or what do you think was responsible?

JIM PARKER: Look, mister. That cow looked like a piece of paper that had gone through a shredder. I don't know of no animal that could have done that.

MULDER: Then are you saying that a person or persons was responsible for this?

DAVID GATES: I want to remind you that Mr. Parker is free on bond pending trial. He's willfully speaking with you solely in regards to this incident and not about any other pending litigation.

SCULLY: So we can't talk about Mr. Parkers federal court case against the Trego indian reservation?

DAVID GATES: That's exactly what I mean.

JIM PARKER: Now wait just a damned second ...

DAVID GATES: Jim, don't say a word.

JIM PARKER: (angrily) No, this ain't the time for that lawyer crap. I want to get this out in the open. You people think I went and killed me an Indian just because we're having an argument about where my land ends and their land begins.

LYLE PARKER: We want to settle that peacefully, in court.

SCULLY: Well, Joseph Goodensnake is dead with a wound from your shotgun to indicate otherwise.

JIM PARKER: All I'm saying, it was no kind of animal that I know of. But it damn well didn't seem human neither, that night. Take a look at my boy's scars. (Mulder walks over to look at Lyle) It was dark, we heard a growl and we went out there to protect the cattle. I could have swore I saw ... red eyes and fangs. I thought my boy Lyle was ... look, nobody - nobody - was more shocked and upset than I was to find out it was that young Indian boy, but if he was the one that was killing our cattle, I'm very, very sorry that we had to find out about it that way, but as far as I'm concerned, that's the end of it.

MULDER: Can we see the corral?

LYLE PARKER: I'll take you out there.

(Lyle takes Scully and Mulder outside, closing a sliding door behind them. They stop to talk on the porch.)

LYLE PARKER: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah?

LYLE PARKER: Agent Scully? I suppose if I were hearing our side of the story, it might not hold up too well. Parts I don't understand myself - things my father could never try to explain to a stranger.

MULDER: What kinds of things?

LYLE PARKER: For the last few months, whenever we'd go outside at night and check on the cattle - never saw anything out of the ordinary. Not a mountain lion, not a coyote, not even any Tregos, Agent Scully. But I could feel it. Something not human ... out there ... watching me. The air was more still, the night animals more quiet. It was like nature herself was terrified. It gave me the creeps.

SCULLY: The creeps?

LYLE PARKER: Yeah, the creeps. (to Scully) Don't you ever get the creeps?

(Mulder is staring at Scully as Lyle walks away. Scully sees Mulder, then self-consciously looks away from him and follows Lyle.)

(Mulder and Scully are inspecting the corral. They are carrying umbrellas, as a light rain is falling.)

SCULLY: The victim was shot there, about three meters from where Parker fired. There's no way he could have mistaken a person for an animal. It's open-and-shut, Mulder. You know, I'm surprised you volunteered for this assignment. Any Bureau agent could have investigated this reservation homicide. Why are you interested?

(Mulder has found an unusual set of tracks in the mud. The tracks look like boot footprints at first, but change to a barefoot animal track.)

(Later, they are preparing to leave the ranch. Scully walks out of the barn to join Mulder.)

SCULLY: Well, there seems to be nothing unexplainable about this case.

MULDER: Nope. Not a thing.

(He holds up a large, thin piece of skinlike material.)

(Scully is examining the skinlike material as they drive away.)

SCULLY: Mulder, this is so odd. It's almost like a snakeskin that's been shed. I suspect that the Parkers knowingly killed Joe Goodensnake, but they hardly seem the type to skin their victim.

MULDER: Besides which, police and coroner's report make no mention of such an act.

SCULLY: Well, we're going to have to take a look at the body ourselves.

MULDER: The body's been transferred to the reservation authorities. We're supposed to get in touch with, uh, um, Sheriff Charlie Tskany.




SCENE 3
TREGO INDIAN RESERVATION, NORTHWEST MONTANA
(They pull into the main area of the reservation, which is an area made muddy by the rains. They enter a small diner and approach the man behind the counter.)

MULDER: Excuse me, uh, we're not from around here. We're looking for Sheriff Tskany.

(The man behind the counter walks away without answering. A young woman playing pool notices Mulder and Scully. Mulder turns from the counter and addresses the diner patrons.)

MULDER: Anyone, uh, know Charlie Tskany?

ISH: Go home, FBI.

(They've been answered by Ish, an old man sitting in the shadows behind a pool table at the back of the diner. They walk toward him.)

MULDER: How'd you know?

ISH: I could smell you a mile away.

MULDER: Well, they told me that even though my deodorant's made for a woman, it's strong enough for a man.

(The old man does not smile.)

ISH: I was at Wounded Knee in 1973. What I learned fighting the FBI is you don't believe in us and we don't believe in you.

MULDER: I want to believe.

ISH: Why you here? What are you looking for?

MULDER: I think you already know what we're looking for.

ISH: You tell me what I know.

SCULLY: We're looking for any individuals who might be able to provide information on the homicide of Joe Goodensnake ...

MULDER: (interrupting her) We're looking for anything that can create human tracks in one step and animal tracks in the next.

ISH: Parker. He found what you're looking for. He killed what you're looking for, FBI.

(The young woman, Gwen Goodensnake, slams a pool cue down on the table.)

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: What Parker and his kid killed was my brother ... and you're all too afraid of some stupid Indian legend to do anything. I hate it.

ISH: Gwen!

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: And I hate suits who are always here when they need something from us, but when we need help, they're nowhere to be found.

(She walks out of the diner, passing a man wearing a sheriff's badge. Scully walks over to meet him.)

SCULLY: Sheriff Tskany? (she extends her hand but the sheriff does not extend his) I'm Agent Scully and this is Agent Mulder.

SHERIFF TSKANY: Goodensnake's body is in my office.

(They follow him out of the diner. Outside, they approach the sheriff's office. There are two Trego men standing in front of the door.)

SHERIFF TSKANY: (to the men) Bill, Tom. Let 'em through. Come on, boys, let 'em through.

(They stand aside and let them through into the office.)

MULDER: Who were they?

SHERIFF TSKANY: Guardians of the dead. They escort the deceased's spirits to the new world. I only let them as far as the front door. Anybody that knows me knows that I keep the ancient beliefs out there and the police work in here.

MULDER: The woman in the pool hall said that people were afraid of some Indian legend. What do they believe happened in the Parker case?

SHERIFF TSKANY: (annoyed) Look, I'm not a park ranger here to answer all your questions about Indians. Whenever I need federal help, I never get it. Since this case falls under the jurisdiction of the FBI, you're entitled to examine the body. So let's get it over with.

(They walk into a back room where the body is kept.)

MULDER: Was the woman in the pool hall his sister?

SHERIFF TSKANY: Gwen. She and Joe are primarily responsible for fueling the boundary dispute with Parker. They felt that he had been grazing his cattle farther and farther onto the reservation. Parker probably told you it was his idea to settle in court. Joe and Gwen filed the suit.

(Mulder has pulled the sheet from the man's body, and he and Scully see four partially-healed scars, as if from an animal, on his upper chest.)

SCULLY: Take a look at that scar tissue.

MULDER: Yeah.

SCULLY: Looks like he'd been attacked by an animal as well.

SHERIFF TSKANY: Could Joe have been attacked also? Maybe the Parkers did see an animal.

SCULLY: No. Those wounds have been healing for quite some time. The shotgun wound indicates point-blank range. The pellets entered the body in a single mass. The assailant couldn't have been more than three feet away.

(Mulder is examining the dead man's mouth and teeth.)

MULDER: We're gonna need to take a look at Joe Goodensnake's dental records.

(Scully comes closer to look as Mulder holds his mouth open. Two of his upper teeth are sharp, pointed fangs.)




SCENE 4
(Mulder and Scully are looking over dental X-rays.)

MULDER: See, these are the canine cuspids. They're normal.

SCULLY: Well, could his records have been switched or misplaced?

MULDER: No, you see the second incisor here is chipped just like the ones in his mouth. These match Joe Goodensnakes'.

SCULLY: Well, there are cases of calcium phosphate salts developing abnormally with age, but ...

(Mulder shakes his head, mildly annoyed with Scully's attempt at an explanation.)

SHERIFF TSKANY: That could account for what Jim Parker claims to have seen. He was out that night, expecting to see a mountain lion killing his cattle. He gets rattled and the flashlight beam catches Joe, here.

SCULLY: So Parker saw what he wanted to see, an animal.

MULDER: Lyle Parker was attacked, he has scars just like Joe. Do you have a facility where we can perform an autopsy?

SHERIFF TSKANY: Why?

MULDER: Well, if Joe's teeth are abnormal, an autopsy might reveal abnormalities in the interior of his anatomy as well.

SHERIFF TSKANY: I can't allow that.

(Tskany walks back to the front office and sits at his desk. Scully and Mulder follow him.)

SCULLY: I'm fully qualified.

SHERIFF TSKANY: No. I can't let you do an autopsy. The funeral is tonight.

MULDER: It's a cremation. After that, we'll have nothing.

SHERIFF TSKANY: Tregoes believe that the recent dead are unsettled by their new condition as spirits. Any desecration of the body angers the spirit and keeps it haunting this world.

SCULLY: But you're a law enforcement officer. You can't destroy evidence.

SHERIFF TSKANY: Don't tell me what I can't do. Native Americans believe that their law is greater and more just than that of the U.S. government. If they want Joe at rest rather than used as a piece of evidence, that's the way it's gonna be. If you want to make an issue out of it - your higher authority - go right ahead.

(He walks away from them.)

MULDER: Charlie? Do you believe that the spirit of Joe Goodensnake is in that room?

SHERIFF TSKANY: (turning back to him) All I know is - tomorrow, day after - you're gonna leave. But I have to stay here. I've gotta answer to these people. You can continue your investigation, but you're gonna have to do it without Joe Goodensnake's body.

(Mulder hands him the dental records, and he and Scully leave.)

(It is late afternoon, and the dead man's body is lying on a cremation platform. The two Trego guardians are in front of the platform, while a third, in ceremonial attire, chants and performs a ritualistic dance. Mulder and Scully are sitting in their car a short distance away.)

SCULLY: Mulder, since we've been here, you've acted as if you've expected to find every piece of evidence that we've come across. What aren't you telling me? Why are we here?

MULDER: A true piece of history, Scully. (he reaches behind the seat to get a file) The very first X-file, initiated by J. Edgar Hoover himself in 1946. (he hands it to Scully) During World War II, a series of murders occurred in and around the northwest, seven here in Browning alone. Each victim was basically ripped to shreds and eaten, as if by a wild animal. However, many of the victims were found at home, as if they allowed their killer to enter. In 1946, police cornered what they believed to be such an animal in a cabin in Glacier National Park. They shot it, but when they went in to retrieve the carcass, they found only the body of Richard Watkins.

SCULLY: Sounds like the Parker scenario.

MULDER: The murders stopped that year. Because the cases were unsolved and considered so bizarre, Hoover locked them away, hoping that in time people around here would forget about them.

SCULLY: This file indicates that they started again in 1954.

MULDER: In '59, '64, '78 and now again in '94. But ... (he reaches back for something else from the back seat)

SCULLY: Here it comes.

MULDER: ... these animal-man related murders predate the oldest X-file by 150 years. Members of the Lewis and Clark expedition wrote of Indian men who could change their shape into that of a wolf.

(He is looking at a drawing showing a large, wolf-like creature with a man between his jaws.)

SCULLY: Mulder, what this, what this folder describes is called lycanthropy. (Mulder bites his lip and looks away) It's a type of insanity in which an individual believes that he can turn into a wolf. I mean, no one can physically change into an animal.

(She gets out of the car. Mulder gets out as well and follows her.)

MULDER: How can you just dismiss the evidence - the tracks in the mud, the shredded skin, a man with the teeth of an animal?

SCULLY: Mulder, even if you're right and Joe Goodensnake did somehow have the ability to transform physically into an animal, he's dead. Jim Parker shot him and in a couple of moments, his body will be burned. End of mystery.

MULDER: Let's hope so.

(Scully walks closer to observe the ceremony. Gwen Goodensnake stands near the platform. Mulder remains farther back. He and Ish nod to each other. Scully approaches Gwen.)

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: (to Scully, but not looking at her) You don't belong here.

SCULLY: Gwen ...

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: You're only around to wrap up your investigation.

SCULLY: I just wanted to say that I'm sorry about your brother. I feel sad for anyone who loses a part of their family.

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: A part? He was my whole family. I'm it now. As a demonstration of sorrow ... I'm supposed to give away all my brother's possessions.

(She hands Scully what appears to be a bracelet with several large animal claws.)

SCULLY: Gwen, I don't know what to say. I'm ...

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: It's no big deal. He had more possessions than he had friends.

(She walks away, and Scully looks at the claws. Sheriff Tskany pulls up in his vehicle and approaches. Mulder steps over toward him.)

MULDER: I read the report of your investigation into the Goodensnake homicide. It was very good, thorough, professional. But what I want to know is off the record. What do you think really happened?

SHERIFF TSKANY: Your explanation, Agent Mulder, is lying on that burial platform. Why don't you just accept that and go home?

MULDER: Charlie, do you believe in shape-shifting?

SHERIFF TSKANY: This is a funeral.

(It is now dark, and drums are beating as the funeral pyre is lit. A Trego begins a chant and is then joined by other members of the tribe. Lyle Parker rides up on his horse. He removes his hat. Gwen Goodensnake hears his horse and runs back toward him. Tskany, Mulder and Scully follow her.)

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: Get out of here!

LYLE PARKER: Please, I just want to show my respects.

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: I don't want your respects. I want your heart to grow cold. I want you to feel what I'm feeling.

(She spits on the ground.)

SHERIFF TSKANY: I think you better leave, Mr. Parker.

LYLE PARKER: (putting his hat back on) I wish your brother could be here. I wish that more than anything else.

(He rides off, and Gwen angrily walks back to the funeral platform, which burns brightly in the night.)

(Charlie Parker is sitting alone on the porch of his ranchhouse. He lights a cigar and then hears a faint growl. He sets down his drink and quietly walks down from the porch, looking around. The wind causes a set of riding gear to jingle nearby, and Charlie assumes that it was the wind that he heard. As he walks back to the porch, the hideous face appears and Charlie is attacked from behind. He falls onto the porch, then is picked up and shaken by the beast, then thrown across the porch. The beast then slashes at him wildly.)




SCENE 5
(The next day, the authorities are at the ranchhouse investigating Charlie Parker's death. Scully lifts the plastic covering over the body, then approaches Tskany.)

SCULLY: By the way the body's been mutilated, I'd say he's been attacked by a large predator, or someone wanted it to look that way. Do you think this is retaliation for the death of Joe Goodensnake?

SHERIFF TSKANY: I don't know.

SCULLY: Have you talked to Gwen Goodensnake? She seemed pretty upset last night.

SHERIFF TSKANY: She's gone. Nobody's seen her since the funeral. I put an APB out on her.

SCULLY: And what about Lyle Parker?

SHERIFF TSKANY: I can't find him either.

SCULLY: He could be dead as well. I'll take a look around.

(Mulder is searching an area near the ranchhouse. He finds a fist-sized clump of animal fur and another skin nearby.)

(Scully finds some small animal cages next to a gate. From behind her, she hears a loud growl and turns to see a caged mountain lion snarling at her. She gasps in surprise as the mountain lion claws the metal bars of his cage. She then sees Lyle Parker lying in a field a short distance away.)

(Tskany pulls a very large claw from Charlie Parker's body.)

MULDER: That's not from any animal I've ever seen. Sheriff, I think it's time we had a talk. An exchange of ideas?

(Scully approaches with Lyle Parker, who is wrapped in a blanket.)

SCULLY: Mulder! Mulder, I'm taking Lyle to the hospital. He's suffering from exposure, and when he's been checked out, I'm gonna question him.

(Scully and Parker get into the car and she drives off.)

MULDER: (to Tskany) What are you hiding?

SHERIFF TSKANY: I thought it was over.

MULDER: Over? Is that why you wouldn't allow an autopsy on Joe Goodensnake's body? You thought it would all end when he was cremated? What were you afraid we'd find?

SHERIFF TSKANY: I can't tell you. But I'll take you to somebody who can.




SCENE 6
GROVE MEDICAL CLINIC, BROWNING, MONTANA
(Lyle Parker is lying in a hospital bed. A nurse exits with a blood sample, leaving Scully to question him.)

LYLE PARKER: I'm ashamed to say it after what happened after the funeral. I picked up some bourbon, and I don't remember a thing after that. Sometimes when I'm down, I go out to where me and my dad keep stray animals that wander in on the ranch. I just watch them, you know, it keeps things in perspective. (Scully sits in a chair beside the bed) Anyway, my mom, when she was alive, was the one that started keeping those animals. I guess I go out there and think about her, too. God, I must have been really wasted to run around there naked. You must have thought I was one of those animals.

SCULLY: When you did go home, did you talk to your father?

LYLE PARKER: No, he'd have been mad I even went to the funeral. I, I have an, uh, image of him sitting on the front porch but ... I don't remember talking to him. Why?

SCULLY: Your father's dead. I'm sorry. (Lyle closes his eyes) It appears as if he's been attacked by an animal, but I suspect it may be homicide. Lyle, I lost my father recently and I know how overwhelming ...

LYLE PARKER: (in a shaky voice) Was it my fault? By going to the funeral, did it anger them into killing my father?

SCULLY: I don't know.

LYLE PARKER: I can deal with death, you know, living on the ranch, being close to nature and all, you see how it all works. Things are born, things die, everything else falls in between. (near tears) But if I caused it, I brought it on, I couldn't, uh, I, I ...

(He can't finish the sentence. Scully touches his arm in sympathy.)

(Mulder and Tskany are in Ish's house.)

ISH: I saw it once with my own eyes. It was a long time ago. It seems like a dream. I was a boy.

(The three sit close together on the floor.)

MULDER: In 1946? The Watkins case?

ISH: I sense you are different, FBI. You're more open to Native American belief than some Native Americans. (looks at Tskany, who looks downward) You even have an Indian name - Fox. You should be "Running Fox", or "Sneaky Fox".

MULDER: (smiling) Just as long as it's not "Spooky Fox". Tell me, Ish ... what did you see?

ISH: Watkins had been attacked by an animal when he was alone in the woods. His scars healed. He was forgotten, then the murders began. The Tregoes, we realized that Watkins had been attacked by what the Algonquins called the manitou ... an evil spirit capable of changing a man into a beast. To be attacked by a manitou causes the victim to become one.

MULDER: The healed scars on Joe Goodensnake's body.

ISH: A manitou overtakes a man by night, not by full moon. But when its blood lust builds to an uncontrollable level, a man changes to a sickening creature. It kills, releasing the savage energy. The man returns to his true self, unaware of what has happened. The cycle begins anew the next day. This continues until death. One night, when I was 16 years old, I was coming back from fishing at the Cut Bank Creek. I knew a shortcut behind Watkins' house. There was a groan, not animal but not human. I looked into his window. He was covered in sweat and blood. He was in a great, great pain. His arm - the skin ripped. It tore up and fell to the floor. Claws sprang from his fingernails. He turned, screaming, and he saw me. His eyes ... his eyes were still human. They begged me to kill him. If I had been hunting and had my gun, I'd have done it without a second thought, but being a boy and scared to death, I ran away.

MULDER: Shortly after, the police killed him.

ISH: But the manitou rose again.

MULDER: Eight years later. But with Watkins dead, how could there have been an attack by manitou?

ISH: Watkins had a son. It could be passed along blood lines.

SHERIFF TSKANY: Gwen. If Joe Goodensnake was this creature, then perhaps it didn't originate in him by the first attack but was handed down through the blood lines. This means Gwen could have it also. Gwen could have killed Parker.

(There is a noise outside the door. The three, all armed, rush outside but don't see anything at first. Mulder waves Ish back. Ish's truck starts, and Gwen appears in the front seat. She backs out toward the road.)

MULDER: Gwen!

(Mulder and Tskany run after her.)

SHERIFF TSKANY: Hey!

(Tskany reaches the truck as it comes to a stop. He reaches in and shuts off the motor.)

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: No! No!

(Tskany pulls her out of the car and onto the ground.)

SHERIFF TSKANY: You're under arrest, Gwen, for stealing Ish's car!

ISH: What happened, Gwen? What are you running away from?

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: (breathless) I saw it. I, I saw it kill Parker.

MULDER: Let her up.

GWEN GOODENSNAKE: (crying) I went there after the funeral. I was gonna mess up the kid, and so I waited. But Parker was on the porch, and then this thing, this animal - oh my God. I've never been so scared. I ran and I hid in the woods all day. I wanted to get out ... I wanted to get out of here. I wanted to get out of here. (Tskany puts his arms around her) Oh, oh.

ISH: Bring her inside.

(Mulder and Ish nod to each other as Tskany helps her back to the house.)

(At the hospital, a nurse hands the phone to a doctor.)

DR. JOSEPHS: (to nurse) Thank you. (to phone) Hello, this is Dr. Josephs.

(Mulder is calling from Ish's house.)

MULDER: Yeah, this is Agent Mulder from the FBI. I was told I could reach Agent Scully at this number.

DR. JOSEPHS: Oh, yes, we released Lyle Parker from the hosptial and she's taking him back to the ranch.

MULDER: So I can reach her there?

DR. JOSEPHS: Uh-huh. They just left. (pauses) Agent Mulder, there's something I feel you should know. I received a blood test performed on Lyle Parker, and there's something rather unsettling.

MULDER: What's that?

DR. JOSEPHS: Traces of his father's blood type. It can only be there by ingestion.

(In late twilight, Scully drives Lyle Parker back to the ranch. Lyle appears to be dozing, but opens his eyes ominously.)




SCENE 7
(Under a full moon, Scully and Lyle have arrived at the ranch. They enter and Scully tries the light switch.)

SCULLY: Power's out.

LYLE PARKER: Yep. Happens to us all the time, being out here in the sticks. I'll fire up the generator.

(He walks across the room but doubles over in pain, leaning over a railing. Scully comes to assist him.)

SCULLY: You OK?

LYLE PARKER: (gasping) I feel sick. Please, help me into the bathroom.

(Scully does.)

(Mulder and Tskany are speeding down a road, with the lights flashing on top of the vehicle. Mulder is trying his cell phone.)

MULDER: Damn! It keeps disconnecting. The mountain must be blocking the signal. How much farther?

SHERIFF TSKANY: About 7 miles.

(He speeds up.)

(At the ranch, Lyle is in the bathroom. He takes off his coat and runs the water, while Scully calls to him from outside.)

SCULLY: Lyle? Let me come in. Lyle, I want to take you back to the hospital, OK?

LYLE PARKER: No. I'll be all right.

(Mulder and Tskany are still speeding toward the ranch.)

SCULLY: Lyle? Lyle, answer me. Lyle, are you all right?

(Lyle rips off his shirt and flexes his back. Scully squats to inspect the lock on the door. Inside, Lyle begins to transform, showing large fangs. Scully starts unscrewing the door lock with a screwdriver, while Lyle gasps and rips at the curtains inside. He growls and his skin starts to tear.)

(Mulder and Tskany are just entering the ranch.)

(Scully has gotten one screw out of the door. Suddenly a large, furry arm breaks through the upper part of the door, startling Scully. She drops her flashlight as she falls backward.)

(Mulder and Tskany pull up at the ranchhouse. Mulder enters and tries the light switch. He doesn't see or hear any sign of either Scully or Lyle. He quietly moves through the house and turns on a small flashlight, seeing a large set of scratches on the wall. He picks up Scully's flashlight.)

MULDER: (whispering loudly) Scully?

(Tskany is looking around outside. His flashlight catches the mountain lion, still in its cage.)

(Mulder continues through the house, moving into the kitchen. He hears a roar behind him and turns to see a large, furry creature run into the next room. He fires twice but doesn't hit it. He follows the creature and starts up the stairs. As he nears the landing, there is another roar and Mulder turns, instinctively firing above him at something. It is only a mounted bear head. Mulder gets up and continues to the top of the stairs. A nearby noise startles him.)

MULDER: Augh!

SCULLY: (coming out of the shadows) It's OK, it's me. It's me. I don't know what happened. Something jumped me downstairs and I lost my gun.

MULDER: I heard it come up here. Come on.

SCULLY: (breathless) OK.

(They continue into the next room, Mulder leading the way with a flashlight. They hear a faint growl. They move into the next room. From the corner, a beast springs out to attack. Mulder wheels to fire, but before he can, a rifle blast is heard. Tskany has shot the beast.)

SHERIFF TSKANY: You all right?

(Mulder shines the flashlight at the beast.)

SCULLY: Oh my God! (Lyle lies dead in the corner) He was in the bathroom, sick, and then the next thing I knew we were attacked by the mountain lion.

MULDER: It wasn't a mountain lion, Scully.

SHERIFF TSKANY: It's still in a cage out back.

(The next day, Mulder, Scully and Tskany come out of the sheriff's office.)

MULDER: Where's Gwen? She said she'd come see us before we left.

SHERIFF TSKANY: She left last night. Gave away all her possessions to her friends.

MULDER: Just pulled up and left? Why would she do that?

SHERIFF TSKANY: Brother's gone, no family. Trouble with Parker is all over. Maybe she saw something that she wasn't ready to understand.

SCULLY: Maybe.

MULDER: (shaking Tskany's hand) Thank you.

(He walks off. Scully shakes Tskany's hand as well, then follows Mulder. Mulder opens the car door.)

ISH: (standing on a porch) FBI! See you in about ... eight years.

MULDER: I hope not.

(They smile and nod at each other.)

(Mulder and Scully drive off through the fog-shrouded mountains.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
OLYMPIC NATIONAL FOREST; NORTHWEST WASHINGTON STATE; PRESENT DAY
(In the forest, a large group of loggers are congregated loosely around two people in the center, who are arguing.)

DYER: Youre supposed to be in charge here, Perkins.

PERKINS: I am in charge.

DYER: Well, these men want some answers. They want to know what youre plan is.
Lets face it, this thing could kill us all.

PERKINS: We shouldve been gone two days ago. Nobody would listen to me.

DYER: Nobody knew what it was two days ago, Perkins. Nobody knows now.

PERKINS: Somebody has to go for help.

DYER: What about the rest of us? What are we supposed to do? Just wait here until help arrives?

PERKINS: We have to take a chance, one of us has to hike out!

DYER: That person might not make it in time. He might not make it down to the road before nightfall! Then what? I say we make a run for it, split up, take our chances!

(The men murmur and yell in agreement.)

PERKINS: Its suicide, Dyer.

(Dyer walks right up to him.)

DYER: Fine. You stay here. Tell us how it turns out.

(He pushes past him. The men start to run. Perkins runs with them. Indiscernible yells can be heard.)

MAN: Hurry up!

(Perkins runs after Dyer.)

ANOTHER MAN: Youre going the wrong way!

(It is sundown, and now nightfall. Animals screech and howl. Dyer trips over a log and grunts. Perkins jumps over the log and kneels down beside him. Dyer checks his ankle.)

DYER: I think its broken.

PERKINS: Come on, you got to get up.

DYER: I dont think I can make it.

(Perkins lifts Dyer to his feet. He tries to help Dyer, but Dyer grunts and moans in pain.)

PERKINS: We gotta keep moving.

(Dyer falls to his knees.)

DYER: Were not going to make it. Were not going...

(A humming starts within the forest. Perkins and Dyer look around frantically. The humming grows louder and louder. They look up to see a giant swarm of green bugs coming down towards them. Dyer screams. Perkins can do nothing but look on in horror.)




SCENE 2
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(A slide is up of the loggers. Scully is sitting at a desk. Mulder sits down in front of the slide.)

MULDER: Take a good look, Scully.

SCULLY: What am I looking at?

MULDER: Thirty loggers working a clear-cutting contract in Washington State.
Rugged, manly men in the full bloom of their manhood.

SCULLY: Right, but what am I looking for?

MULDER: Anything strange, unexplainable, unlikely... boyfriend?

SCULLY: I dont know, I... I give up, Mulder.

MULDER: You give up? Funny, thats apparently what the Federal Forest Service has done as well.

SCULLY: Why, what happened to them?

(Mulder changes the slide to a blank screen.)

MULDER: In a word, they vanished. Or so it would appear.

(He changes the slide to two men.)

This is Doug Spinney and Steven Teague. They call themselves "monkey wrenchers." The guys who drive spikes into trees, sabotage logging equipment and otherwise make life miserable for lumberjacks and lumbermills.

(Scully stands and walks towards him.)

SCULLY: Ecoterrorists or militant environmentalists.

MULDER: Right. Two weeks ago, the group of loggers I just showed you radioed a message that Spinney and Teague had gone on a spree. Spiking trees, sabotaging equipment, causing general mischief. One week later, all radio communication was cut off.

SCULLY: Do they know why?

MULDER: No. The lumber company that employs the men has asked the Federal Forest Service to look into the matter. Two officials were sent in a week ago and no one has heard from them since.

SCULLY: It appears as if these monkey wrenchers are doing more than just a little mischief-making.

MULDER: Thats what the lumber company and the Federal Forest Service are accusing.
Theyve asked the F.B.I. to investigate. I had to pull a few strings to make sure we got the case.

(He walks over to his desk.)

SCULLY: For an ecoterrorism case? Do I dare ask why?

(He changes the slide to an old picture of some lumberjacks dressed in 1930s clothes.)

MULDER: In 1934, long before anyone even knew what an ecoterrorist was, a W.P.A. crew vanished from that same area without a trace. Not one of those men was ever found or heard from again.

SCULLY: And you suspect what? Bigfoot?

MULDER: Not likely. Thats a lot of flannel to be choking down even for Bigfoot.

(Scully smiles.)

Come on, Scully, itll be a nice trip to the forest.

(Scully looks back at the picture.)




SCENE 3
RANGER STATION; OLYMPIC NATIONAL FOREST; NORTHWEST WASHINGTON STATE
(A truck carrying lumber drives by as Mulder and Scully pull into the parking spaces. Ranger Moore is looking at a map on the hood of his truck. He looks up at them as they walk over.)

MULDER: Hi. Fox Mulder, this is Dana Scully, were with the F.B.I.

MOORE: Larry Moore, Federal Forest Service.

(He shakes both their hands.)

You can put your gear in the back of the truck.

(Mulder takes Scullys bag and puts it and his bag into the back.)

SCULLY: Must be pretty rugged where were going, huh?

MOORE: Yeah.

MULDER: Whats that in your windshield there? Is that a bullet hole?

MOORE: .22 caliber.

MULDER: Somebody took a shot at you?

MOORE: So it would appear. Theres not much to hunt around here with that type of ammo except Freddies.

SCULLY: "Freddies?"

MOORE: Employees of the Federal Forest Service. Its, uh, its what the ecoterrorists call us.

MULDER: Is that who you think took a shot at you?

MOORE: Let me get this out of the way. I have no quarrel with these ecoterrorists in principle. And Im as concerned for this forest and the environment as anybody. Its their methods I cant condone.

SCULLY: Do you think theyd go so far as to kill a man?

MOORE: Well, theres thirty men up there unaccounted for, each with survival experience. Something happened to them.

(He takes his papers off of the hood and walks around them. A man walks over to them with a bag and some other things.)

HUMPHREYS: Sorry Im late. I was down talking to Bob Perkins wife. Hes one of our missing loggers. Hey, Larry.

MOORE: Hey.

(He hands Moore a yellow box.)

HUMPHREYS: Steve Humphreys, head of security for Schiff-Immergut Lumber.

(He shakes both their hands.)

MULDER: Mulder, Scully.

HUMPHREYS: Well, weve got a four hour drive ahead of us. Plenty of time to get to know each other.

(Moore gets in the drivers seat, Humphreys gets into the passengers side.)

SCULLY: Get the impression that weve walked into the middle of a war thats already started?

(Mulder smiles as Scully heads towards the back. Later, down the road, theyre driving.
Its drizzling and the windshield wipers are on.)

Why do these men work so far up in the wilderness?

HUMPHREYS: Thats where the trees are.

SCULLY: Youre kidding, right?

HUMPHREYS: No, environmentalists have pretty much made sure that all the land you see here is untouchable. Were forced to take our timber where we can get it. Even then, we plant saplings for every tree we take.

MULDER: So why do the ecoterrorists target you?

HUMPHREYS: See, these tree-huggers comes from the same kind of boys that went up to Canada during the Vietnam war. Theyre cowardly and so are their tactics.

(The car starts shaking wildly.)

MOORE: Damn it.

(They get out and we see that there is a spike in the tire.)

Homemade tire spike. Clear through the sidewall. Its unfixable.

MULDER: You got a spare, dont you?

HUMPHREYS: Right tires history too.

(Humphreys holds up a weird-shaped piece of metal almost completely made up of jagged edges.)

Monkey wrenchers call it a caltrop. The roads back here are littered with them. Indiscriminate terrorism. Can you imagine somebody putting these down or spiking the roads of Washington, D.C.? Id like to see how much sympathy they get then.

SCULLY: So how are we going to get up to the camp?

(Moore walks past them and puts his bag over his shoulder.)

MOORE: Were going to have to hike.

(They watch him walk. The mountains are practically steaming as the rain releases the heat on the ground. The four get to the campsite, which is abandoned. There is scattered machinery and cars.)

Anybody here?

(Mulder and Scully walk into the cabin and see that there is still dinner sitting on the table, food intact.)

MULDER: Someone forgot to clean their plate.

SCULLY: Looks like they left in a hurry too.

(Scully walks into the bathroom. Mulder rubs his finger across the top of the refrigerator door and picks up some sticky film on his finger. He picks a plastic bag up, opens it, smells it, and closes it. Humphreys walks in.)

HUMPHREYS: Find anything?

(Mulder holds up the bag.)

MULDER: Party favors.

(Scully walks out of the bathroom.)

HUMPHREYS: All the vehicles have all been monkey wrenched, power generators busted.

SCULLY: Somebody really turned this place upside-down.

HUMPHREYS: Whoever did it didnt want the fact broadcast, either.

(The radio on the desk next to him is smashed in. He picks up a piece and throws it back down. Outside, Moore opens up the radiator and pulls out some rice. Mulder, Scully and Humphreys walk over to the side of him.)

MOORE: Radiators are all full of rice. Looks like sugar or sand in the crankcases. They really did a number here.

(Humphreys looks at his watch.)

HUMPHREYS: Suns going down in an hour and a half.

MOORE: Better take a look around before it gets dark.

(He picks up his bag and walks off.)

HUMPHREYS: Ill see if I can get that generator working.

(He walks off too.)

SCULLY: Well, you were right about one thing.

MULDER: Whats that?

SCULLY: It definitely wasnt Bigfoot.

(Scully, Mulder and Moore walk through a wasteland full of broken branches and giant tree stumps. They soon come back to actual forest. Mulder spots a cocoon-ish sort of web tied to a long branch horizontally.)

MULDER: Look at that.

SCULLY: What is it?

MOORE: Looks like a hive. Maybe a cocoon of some kind.

MULDER: Made by what?

MOORE: I dont know, Ive never seen anything like it.

(Moore and Mulder hoist Scully up on a pulley swing to the cocoon. She grabs the branch.)

SCULLY: Got it.

MOORE: Can you cut it down?

SCULLY: Yeah, I think so.

(She takes out a swiss army knife and is about to cut through the webbing when something catches her eye. Rotting fingers protruding through a part of the web.)

MULDER: You alright, Scully?

(Soon after, Moore cuts open the cocoon. He and Scully pull it apart to reveal a half-rotted human.)

SCULLY: Oh God...

(She reaches in and feels the bodys neck and face.)

It feels, uh... it feels dessicated and hard and dry, almost... preserved.

MOORE: Like its been enbalmed.

SCULLY: No, more like all the fluids have been bled from this body. Almost like its been cured.

(She feels the body some more.)

I think... its a male.

MULDER: Barely.

MOORE: Id say its, uh, some kind of spiders nest or insect cocoon.

SCULLY: What kind of an insect could have gotten a man all the way up into that tree?

(Mulder stands and looks up.)

MULDER: Itsy-bitsy spider.

(Back at camp, Humphreys tries to fix the generator when he hears the door creaking. He picks up his shotgun and moves around to the front, looking around. He hears a clanking inside the house. Somebody is eating and drinking the leftover food. He puts a cup to his mouth when Humphreys comes in.)

HUMPHREYS: Dont move. Who are you?

(The man puts the cup down and turns around.)

Doug Spinney. I oughta shoot you where you stand.

SPINNEY: Might as well shoot yourself too.

HUMPHREYS: Youre in a hell of a spot to be testing me. What happened to my men?

(Spinney walks over to the cupboard. Humphreys walks the same way, still aiming his gun at him.)

SPINNEY: What men?

HUMPHREYS: The men who were working this camp.

SPINNEY: I dont know what happened to them. Probably the same thing thatll happen to us when the sun goes down.

(Spinney looks out the window. Mulder, Scully and Moore come in.)

MULDER: What are you doing?

HUMPHREYS: This animal is Doug Spinney. Hes the man responsible for all the monkey wrenching. Hes probably a murderer as well.

SPINNEY: Im no murderer.

HUMPHREYS: Youre a liar.

MULDER: Lets just hear what he has to say.

(Mulder puts his hand on Humphreys shotgun. Humpreys lowers it.)

SPINNEY: If we stand around here talking, therell be nothing left to say. Id start thinking about how to get that generator started. Darkness is our enemy.

(Spinney walks past them to the door, where Scully and Moore are standing.)

HUMPHREYS: Whats he talking about?

SPINNEY: Someone want to give me a hand?

(He and Moore walk out.)

HUMPHREYS: Now hes giving orders? Im the one who fixed the damn thing!

MULDER: Hey, its alright.

(Spinney, followed by the other four, walks to the generator, unscrewing the cap off of a gas tank.)

Why did you say that darkness was our enemy?

SPINNEY: Thats when they come.

(He pours some petroleum in.)

SCULLY: When who comes?

SPINNEY: I dont know what it is. They come from the sky, take a man right off his feet and devour him alive. I saw it happen.

MULDER: Happen to who?

(Moore screws the cap back on as Spinney starts the generator. It works.)

SPINNEY: I need to eat. I havent eaten in three days.

(He walks past them back into the cabin.)

HUMPHREYS: What kind of a B.S. story is that, huh? You believe that?

SCULLY: We found something in the forest.

HUMPHREYS: What?

MOORE: A man caught in some kind of insect cocoon.

(In the cabin, Spinney starts to devour a bowl of stew. Mulder sits across from him. Scully is sitting next to them. Moore stands behind them and Humphreys sits off to the side.)

MULDER: What happened here?

SPINNEY: We camped two valleys over, four of us. Three now.

HUMPHREYS: More rats for the wood pile.

SPINNEY: Our truck has a dead battery so we drew straws to see who would make the hike over here to steal one from the loggers.

(Moore pours Mulder and Scully some tea.)

MULDER: Why not just hike out?

SPINNEY: More than a days hike. No way wed want to be caught out in the forest after dark.
Not after what happened to Teague.

SCULLY: Thats the man you said that was devoured alive?

SPINNEY: Yeah.

MULDER: What are you guys doing out here?

SPINNEY: Camping.

HUMPHREYS: Yeah, right. The kind of camping you do is a federal offense.

(Moore sits down.)

MULDER: Just, just hold off a second, okay?

MOORE: No, hes right. This man is an admitted felon. He could be placed under arrest.

SPINNEY: (to Humphreys) What about your offense, my friend, huh? What about the offense against nature you perpetrate?

HUMPHREYS: We operate completely within the law. We pay for the right to take those trees.

SPINNEY: Oh, yeah? Well, I got news for you. Your logging crew has taken trees that nobody has the right to, trees that are marked and protected so dont talk to me about breaking the law! Sir.

MOORE: Theyve been taking marked trees?

SPINNEY: Yes sir, marked in orange.

MOORE: Old growth trees? You know anything about that, Steve?

HUMPHREYS: No.

(He gets up and takes his coat.)

You going to take this mans word over mine?

(No answer. He puts his coat on.)

SPINNEY: You dont want to go out in the night. Take my word on that. Its out there.

HUMPHREYS: What? If I go out that door, somethings going to attack me, eat me alive and spin me in its web?

SPINNEY: Yes.

HUMPHREYS: What, its too polite to come in here and get me?

SPINNEY: For some reason, its, uh, afraid of the light.

HUMPHREYS: Its afraid of the light.

MOORE: There may be something to what hes saying, Steve.

HUMPHREYS: You know what I think? I think this man is a liar and a murderer and just clever enough to make up a story like that. Even whip up that cocoon just to save a few trees and Im going to prove Im right.

(He walks out, shotgun in hand.)

This is ridiculous. Where is it, Spinney?

(Mulder and Scully walk outside a little. Spinney and Moore stand in the doorway.)

I thought it was going to come and, uh, devour me!

(The bug zapper starts going off fairly rapidly.)

Hey! Here I am! Come out, come out wherever you! Aw, dont be shy!

(Behind a tree crawls millions of the same little green bugs as before.)

Come on! Huh?

(He starts back.)

Its just like a told ya. Theres nothing out here but a bunch of trees. Trees that this man values more than human life. And Im going to see him tried on murder charges.

(He walks past them and into the cabin.)

SCULLY: (to Mulder) What do you think?

MULDER: I think Im going to suggest that we sleep with the lights on.

(Scully sighs and they walk inside, Mulder closing the door behind him. The bug zapper goes off a few more times. Morning. Spinney leads the other to a huge tree cut down. It has an orange "X" on it.)

SPINNEY: You see this Douglas Fir? Its been standing here since before your time and your men cut it down.

SCULLY: Who marks these trees?

MOORE: Federal Forest Service. Theyre only supposed to cut trees with a blue "X."

(Mulder stands on the stump.)

MULDER: This tree must be hundreds of years old.

MOORE: At least.

SCULLY: You must get a lot of lumber from a big tree like this.

SPINNEY: Thousands of boards. Hell of a lot easier than taking a lot of smaller, younger trees.

HUMPHREYS: Well, let me remind you that monkey wrenchers like Spinney here are not above marking trees with their own paint.

MOORE: This trees 500 years old if its a day, Steve.

MULDER: Hey, look at this.

(Moore walks over. Mulder points out a yellowish-green ring near the center.)

What would this represent?

MOORE: I dont know. Ive never seen a ring like that before.

SCULLY: Those center rings are the older rings, right?

MOORE: Yeah. Every ring represents a season growth. And you see these?

(He points out the very center rings.)

These are 500, 600 years old. Theyre a recorded history of rainfall and climate. But this one... I dont know. I should take a core sample.

(He takes off his backpack.)

HUMPHREYS: Have we finished with this nature walk? I want an answer to what happened to those loggers.

SCULLY: Thats what were trying to determine, sir.

HUMPHREYS: Looking at a tree stump? Dont you think you should be interrogating this man?

(He points to Spinney.)

MULDER: I dont think he did it.

HUMPHREYS: Well, I think he did and I want him arrested.

MULDER: Well, hes not going anywhere!

HUMPHREYS: No, not with a gun on him. But what happens when youre poking around and his three buddies show up and do to you what they probably did to those two Federal Forest officers? Huh? Larry?

MOORE: I just want to take a core sample of this tree, Steve.

HUMPHREYS: Hey, I got families down there who want some answers about their loved ones and so do you! Answers that arent going to be found in that tree.

SPINNEY: Only crime were here to investigate is the death of that tree.

HUMPHREYS: Yeah, well see about that.

(He starts off.)

MOORE: Steve, where you going?

(He stops and turns around.)

HUMPHREYS: Im going to hike down to your truck, get on the horn and get some people up here wholl take some action!

MOORE: Steve!

SPINNEY: Aw, let him go. Let him find out for himself.

(Humphreys walks off. Back at the cabin, Moore is looking at the core sample through a microscope.)

MOORE: This is odd. This yellow rings got something living in it, some kind of tiny bug. It doesnt make sense.

(Mulder looks into the scope.)

SCULLY: Why not?

(Inside the sample are thousands of tiny bugs scampering around.)

MOORE: Well, parasites attack a tree in a variety of ways, but they always attack the living parts. The leaves, the roots, the new growth rings. Even if theyre borers of something, they wouldnt be working so deep in the tree.

MULDER: Maybe the wood in this ring is different. Theyre feeding on it.

SCULLY: Can you identify them?

(Mulder gets up. She slides the microscope over and looks in.)

MOORE: Its a wood mite of some kind. Its nothing Ive ever seen before.

MULDER: Could they have been living in that tree for hundreds of years?

MOORE: I dont see how. I mean, these inner rings are essentially dead wood. The trees vascular system is limited to the outer few rings, they need water to survive.

SCULLY: Well, they appear to be hatching out of the porous wood. Maybe when you drew out this core, you tapped into a larger nest.

SPINNEY: Can they build a cocoon?

(They turn to see Spinney walk in.)

Right after that tree was cut down is when Teague died. Its about the same time the loggers disappeared too.

SCULLY: You think these mites are what killed the men?

SPINNEY: Maybe they been lying there dormant for hundreds of years. Maybe they woke up hungry.

(Humphreys marches through the woods and gets in the truck. He puts his bag down and notices there is no key. He checks around but cannot find one.)

HUMPHREYS: Damn it!

(He sighs. Night falls as he tries to hotwire the car. With no success, he gets out and goes to the front hood. He looks around with a flashlight, turning knobs. A humming begins. He looks around, then picks up his shotgun.)

Alright, you monkey wrenchers! Come on out now!

(He shines it into the trees. Nothing.)

I know what youre up to!

(Still nothing. The humming grows louder. He looks to see the mites swarming down to him. He runs into the car and closes both doors. Looking up at them through the windshield, he tries to jumpstart the car again. The engine finally turns. He shifts gears and pushes down on the accelerator, but the car doesnt move. He shifts gears and tries again, but still nothing. The swarm grows closer. He finally pulls out but hits a rock in front of him. He pushes forward into the steering wheel, honking the horn. He shifts gears but sees the swarm gather around the car. They seep in through the filtration. He tries to open the door but it is jammed by another rock. He tries to push the door open repeatedly with no luck until the bugs overwhelm him. He claws at the window, screaming. Back at the cabin, the generator keeps running. Scully is still looking through the microscope as Moore and Mulder walk around. Spinney sits on a table.)

MOORE: Humphreys should have been back by now.

SCULLY: These bugs arent moving anymore. Theyre either dead or theyre asleep.

SPINNEY: Its the light. They dont like the light.

SCULLY: Thats weird, I mean, usually bugs are attracted to light.

SPINNEY: These obviously are not your ordinary bugs to say the least.

(Mulder runs his fingers over more surfaces. He picks up more of the film he found before.)

MULDER: What do you know about insects, Scully?

SCULLY: Uh, just what I learned in my biology courses. That theyre the foundation of our ecosystem. That theres lots of them, something like 200 million per person on this planet.

MULDER: And theyve been around a long time, right?

SCULLY: Yeah, something like 600 million years, even before the dinosaurs. Why?

MULDER: And this tree is what, 5, 6, 700 years old?

MOORE: Yeah.

MULDER: And these rings represent a history of climatic changes, which means that in this year or season in the life of the tree, there was some kind of strange event that produced an abnormal ring.

SCULLY: Well, like what, exactly?

MULDER: A volcanic eruption. This whole chain of mountains running from Washington to Oregon is still extremely active. Remember Mt. St. Helens?

SCULLY: Yeah, but how does that explain the bugs?

MULDER: When Mt. St. Helens erupted, there was a large amount of radiation that was released from inside the earth. Strange things started to grow. Theres actually this lake where theyve discovered a kind of amoeba that can literally suck a mans brains out.

SCULLY: Oh, a brain-sucking amoeba.

SPINNEY: No, its true. Spirit Lake. And theres documented cases of swimmers being infected.

SCULLY: But an amoeba is a single-celled organism. It can be mutated. An insect is a complex animal. It would take years and years to evolve.

MULDER: Well, then maybe what were dealing with isnt a mutation at all. What if its some kind of... extinct insect larvae in that ring, deposited during a period of volcanic activity, brought up through the trees root system. Ancient insect eggs. Thousands, maybe millions of years old lying
dormant until...

SPINNEY: Until those loggers cut down that tree.

(He stands.)

That would be rather poetic justice, dont you think? Unleashing the very thing that would end up killing them and your friend Humphreys?

(He walks past Moore to the bedroom door.)

And who knows? Maybe us. Sweet dreams.

(He goes inside.)

MOORE: Humphreys might have just hiked out of here. We dont know that he didnt.
Maybe were letting ourselves get carried away with this bug story.

MULDER: Yeah, maybe.

(Sunrise. Spinney skulks through the cabin, grabs his bag and goes outside. He goes to the side of the cabin and takes the gas tank. He starts unscrewing a truck battery when Mulder sneaks up on him and points a gun.)

Going somewhere?

SPINNEY: No, I was just...

MULDER: Doing a little auto repair. Looks to me like youre planning on cutting out of here.

SPINNEY: I gotta save my friends. They only had enough gas to keep their generator running fifteen, twenty hours max. Theyre gonna die if I dont get back there.

MULDER: So why are you sneaking around?

SPINNEY: Freddy. Forest Service guy, he wouldnt go for it. Hed never trust me.

MULDER: Hes got no reason to. Neither do I.

SPINNEY: Look, I can save us all, man. Weve got a jeep over there, its just two valleys over, all it needs is a battery. Now, I can get there, I can get back here in the morning. We can all drive out tomorrow. You got to trust me, man.

(Later. Mulder is fixing the radio. It turns on, but all it gets is static.)

MULDER: Radio is back up.

(Scully runs in.)

SCULLY: Its working?

MULDER: Im not getting any reception so the reciever could be trashed.

SCULLY: What about transmissions, could we send a message?

MULDER: We could try.

(He picks up the transmitter.)

This is a call for help, is there anyone at this frequency?

(Static. He adjusts the frequency control, but still only gets static.)

This is Special Agent Mulder of the F.B.I., we have an emergency and a possible quarantine situation. Our position is...

(He nudges Scully to go get the map, which she does. Suddenly, the generator goes out.
They walk to the side of the house where Moore is.)

What happened to the generator?

MOORE: I turned it off.

MULDER: Well, turn it back on, I got the radio working.

MOORE: What happened to the gas can?

MULDER: Spinney took it.

MOORE: He took it? You mean hes gone?

MULDER: He left earlier this morning. He took a battery and some gas. Hes gonna come back for us in the morning.

MOORE: Yeah, what, he gave you his personal guarantee on that?

MULDER: He gave me his word, yeah.

MOORE: Did you stop to think that the man who gave you his word has made an art out of sabotage? And defying authority? And is probably the same man who put the bullet through my windshield?

MULDER: Well, what would you have done? At least now weve got one chance of getting out of here alive which is one more chance than we had before.

MOORE: Or one less.

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MOORE: Your partner let Spinney leave with the last of the gas. This generators got about a quarter tank left, maybe less.

SCULLY: What about the gas in the trucks?

MULDER: There is no more gas, the other tanks have all been ruptured or filled with sugar.

MOORE: By the same man who we are now trusting to keep his word and come back for us.

SCULLY: Well, then weve got to get back on the radio, weve got to send out a mayday.

MOORE: Every drop of fuel we waste is fuel thats gonna keep this gennie powered tonight. I mean, I dont want to be waiting around hoping somebody heard that transmission when this thing quits running about two oclock in the morning. Do you?

(He walks back in the cabin. Scully looks at Mulder, who does not look back. He sighs. Mulder walks into the cabin and groans, knowing he made the wrong move. Scully walks in and closes the door.)

SCULLY: Mulder...

MULDER: Look, its done. I shouldnt have let him go. Lets just move past it, okay?

SCULLY: Fine. What do you suggest?

MULDER: I dont know. Well think of something.

SCULLY: Look, I think we both have a pretty good idea of what happened to those loggers and what happened to the group in 1934.

MULDER: We only found one cocoon.

(He stands and crosses to the door.)

SCULLY: Its a big forest.

MULDER: Look, Scully, what would you have done?

SCULLY: You mean, would I have made a decision by myself that would have affected the whole group?

MULDER: Oh, will you cut the sanctimonious crap?

SCULLY: Well, what do you want me to say? Lets face it, Mulder, we might die up here! If were lucky, theyll find our bodies spun up in a tree or they may not find us at all!

MULDER: Youre right. And were wasting time arguing about it.

(Mulder walks past her to the window. She walks over to him after a few seconds.)

SCULLY: What are you going to do?

MULDER: Button this place up. If were gonna spend the night in here, weve got to do everything we can to make sure the bugs stay out there.

(Mulder hammers some sheets to the wall with boards. Moore walks in carrying more supplies. Scully is screwing in the light bulb.)

MOORE: Id be careful with that. Its the only bulb that works.

(Nightfall. The generator keeps running, rougher. Mulder and Scully lay on cots, Moore sits on his bed. They all watch the lightbulb work. Scully looks into the corner and sees the mites running around in the shadows.)

SCULLY: I can see them. You guys, look at this.

(She walks over to the corner. They follow.)

Look, theyre coming through the wall down where its dark. You see them?

(She leans forward and looks at her hand. As her shadow covers it, she sees mites crawling all over her. She lets out a loud gasp. She stands and starts trying to brush them off.)

Theyre on me.

MULDER: Its alright, Scully, Scully...

(She walks backwards, rubbing her arms.)

SCULLY: Get them off me!

MULDER: Stop moving! Stop!

(She flails her arms wildly, smacking the lightbulb. Moore reaches forward and grabs it.)

MOORE: Whoa, watch it!

(Mulder grabs her and holds her against the wall.)

MULDER: Stand still! Stand still!

SCULLY: Can you see them? Mulder, get them off me!

MULDER: Theyre not just on you. Theyre everywhere. I think thats what that greasy residue is over everything.

SCULLY: I thought we were supposed to be safe in the light!

MULDER: We are. I think the light keeps them from swarming. Well be safe as long as we stay in the light.

(The mites continue to crawl in the shadows. Later. The tank on the generator is nearly empty. Everyone is sitting back down.)

How are you doing?

SCULLY: Im okay.

(They both take a deep breath. Later, they sit together and watch the mites crawl around.)

Theyre oxidizing enzymes. Just like fireflies. Maybe thats why they cocoon their prey... so they can oxidize the proteins taken from the fluids in the body.

(The light nearly fades out. They look at it. It builds back to normal again. We can hear the generator running out of fuel outside.)

What if the generator goes? Are they all going to swarm in here and drain the life out of us?

MULDER: We got an hour and a half till sunrise.

SCULLY: And then what? Its over a days hike out of here. We wont make it on foot by nightfall.

MULDER: Maybe somebody heard our radio transmission. Help could be on the way.

SCULLY: Oh, you sent that call hours ago. I mean, help would have been here by now.

MULDER: Well, Im not going to give up on Spinney. He gave me his word hed come back to get us.

SCULLY: And if he doesnt?

MULDER: Well think of something.

(The generator sputters out and dies. The light bulb slowly fades out. But light still shines through the other way. Mulder and Scully turn around to see that the sun is rising slowly. Mulder and Moore run out to the truck and check the tires.)

You got a patch kit or an extra tube in your truck?

MOORE: Yeah.

MULDER: Maybe we can patch this or at least get it to hold some air. With the spare in your truck, maybe we can limp down the mountain. If not, at least we can get on the radio and warn them whats out there.

(Mulder, Scully and Moore hike down to the truck. Mulder is rolling the spare tire. They get to the truck and walk towards it.)

MOORE: See it?

MULDER: Yeah.

(They look through the drivers side window to see whats left of Humphreys leaning against the door, cocooned. They hear a low humming.)

MOORE: Listen. You hear that? Its a car!

(They turn to see a jeep barreling down the road.)

MULDER: No, its a jeep!

(The jeep swerves to a stop and the three run to it. Spinney opens the door.)

SPINNEY: We gotta move, lets go! Lets go!

MOORE: Wait! What about the body... Humphreys body?

SPINNEY: Leave it, Ive radioed for help.

(Scully gets into the passenger side.)

MULDER: What happened to your friends?

SPINNEY: They didnt make it. Were not going to make it either unless we haul ass!

(The two get in the car and they drive back the way they came. The headlights go on as a fog envelopes the road and it grows dark. Everything is fine until they hit a row of caltrops.)

Damn it!

(He gets out of the car and looks at the tires.)

I dont believe it.

MOORE: When you talk about shooting yourself in the foot...

(Moore opens the door and looks out. A familiar buzzing grows. Suddenly, Spinney is attacked by the swarm. Moore watches from outside the car.)

MULDER: Get out of there! Get back in the car!

(Moore gets back in the car and they watch as Spinney helplessly tries to stop the onslaught. Spinney slams his fists down on the hood, moaning and screaming, until he runs off. The mites begin to seep into the car. The three try to brush the mites away as they moan and groan. Their yelling grows louder and longer as they are overwhelmed. Morning. A helicopter flies in as three trucks pull up to the jeep. Men file out, all wearing containment suits. They open up the door and look in the jeep. It is a mess of cocooning and bodies.)

MAN: We have an emergency evacuation situation. Requesting quarantine facility for two, possibly three victims with undiagnosed infection or exposure to unknown biological vectors. Repeat, thats an emergency evacuation situation. Two, possibly three victims...

(Scully stirs under the cocooning.)




SCENE 4
HIGH CONTAINMENT FACILITY; WINTHROP, WASHINGTON
(A small door slides up and a man in a containment suit takes out a canister.)

ANNOUNCER: Attention, all personnel. High level bio-clearance required on third floor.

(He carrys it into a room with many other containment suited men walking around. One man walks over to Moore, who is on a gurney with machines hooked up. He presses a few buttons on a machine, then does the same for Scully. Mulder walks in, severly burned, dressed in white, wheeling an oxygen tank that is hooked up through his nose.)

MAN: How are you feeling?

MULDER: Better. How did the tests come back?

(The man walks over to a desk and picks up a chart.)

MAN: Your respiratory charts were good. Were more concerned with the extent of damage due to inhalation. There were large concentrations of the chemical determined as Luciferene.

MULDER: Which is what?

MAN: The same enzymes we find in fireflies and other bioluminescent insects. Our entomologists are still trying to determine the specific epithet of the insects you encountered.

(Mulder and the man walk over to Scully.)

MULDER: Scully?

(She is unconscious with severe burns as well.)

How is she doing?

MAN: Shes still not out of the woods, so to speak. She lost a lot of fluids. Two or three more hours of exposure, she might not have made it.

MULDER: I told her it was going to be a nice trip to the forest.

(The man starts to walk away.)

How you going to contain it to the forest.

(He turns back.)

What if the swarm migrates?

MAN: The government has initiated eradication procedures. Theyre quite certain that by using a combination of controlled burns and pesticides, they will be successful.

MULDER: And if theyre not?

MAN: That is not an option, Mr. Mulder.

(He walks out, leaving Mulder to his thoughts.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
DRUID HILL SANITARIUM; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Barbed wire surroundes a tall reddish-building. Going down a hallway, we can hear screaming, moaning and indiscernible babbling. On various doors, we see name plates like "Walter L, Robbie" and "Schalin, Scott." Under each of the name plates is a small door through which food is passed through. We stop at a door where the name plate reads: "Tooms, Eugene Victor." A face appears through the small door, with evil yellowish eyes. He peers down the hallway then sticks his hand through the slot. He reaches up towards the latch, growling. As he sticks his arm further through, we hear a dull pop as his shoulder dislocates. He smiles and lets out a dull sigh. His breathing becomes slow and heavy, his hand and arm stretching out beyond normal human proportions. His fingers actually grow until they are almost at the lock. The main door in the hallway opens, flooding the dark hallway with light. A man, Dr. Aaron Monte, and a security guard walk down to Tooms' door. Monte knocks on the door.)
AARON MONTE: Eugene?
(He knocks again.)
Eugene, it's Dr. Monte.
(Hearing no answer, he signals to the security guard. The guard unlatches the door and Monte walks inside.)
Eugene, are you asleep?
(Tooms sits up on his bed.)
EUGENE TOOMS: No.
AARON MONTE: I was on my way out and wanted to stop by and see how you were feeling.
EUGENE TOOMS: Fine.
(Monte sits down.)
AARON MONTE: Good. You nervous about tomorrow? Don't be. I know you think they won't let you out so I snuck a peek at the reports of the doctors that will testify at your review tomorrow and they concur with my opinion that you're ready to be released from here...
EUGENE TOOMS: Hmmm...
AARON MONTE: And rejoin the community. So...
(He stands.)
Why don't we get some sleep and relax and I'll see you tomorrow at the review, okay?
(He goes over and picks up his coat.)
Let's just keep our fingers crossed.
(He walks out and the security guard closes and latches the door. Tooms looks up from the floor, the same evil yellowish glow as before. Slowly, he crosses his fingers.)




SCENE 2
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR WALTER SKINNER'S OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner is sitting at his desk, Scully sitting at the opposite side. The Cigarette-Smoking Man is standing behind Skinner next to the window, smoking.)
SKINNER: Agent Scully, we have reviewed your reports and frankly we are quite displeased. Irregular procedure, untenable evidence, anonymous witnesses, inconclusive findings aggravated by vague opinion.
SCULLY: But sir, the very nature of the X-Files cases often precludes orthodox investigation.
SKINNER: Are you suggesting that the bureau adopt separate standards for you and Agent Mulder?
SCULLY: No, sir.
SKINNER: Are you suggesting that Agent Mulder obstructs you from proper procedure?
SCULLY: No, sir. If anything, I'm suggesting that these cases be reviewed with... an open mind.
SKINNER: Maybe your mind has become too open.
SCULLY: On X-Files cases investigated by Agent Mulder and myself to date, we have a conviction or case solution of seventy-five percent. That's well above the current bureau standard.
SKINNER: And that is your only saving grace.
SCULLY: May I ask, sir, what more you require?
(Skinner looks away towards the Cigarette-Smoking Man, who looks out the window. Scully looks at the Cigarette-Smoking Man as well. Skinner looks back at Scully.)
SKINNER: What I require is increased frequency of reports. Conventional investigation. In short, Agent Scully, it is your responsibility to see that these cases are by-the-book.
SCULLY: I understand, however... conventional investigation of these cases may decrease the rate of success.
(Scully watches as the Cigarette-Smoking Man puts out his cigarette. We hear a gavel pounding.)



SCENE 3
COURT HEARING OF EUGENE VICTOR TOOMS; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
JUDGE KANN: By order of the state of Maryland, the court shall review the psychological status of Eugene Victor Tooms. We'll begin with the court-appointed expert witnesses. The court calls Dr. Pamela Karetzky.
(Eugene Tooms is sitting at a table with a female, obviously his attorney. A board of three judges are seated at a table at the front of the room. Dr. Karetzky gets up and we see Mulder is sitting behind her. He looks at his watch.)
DR. KARETZKY: I performed several diagnostic procedures on Mr. Tooms in order to determine any organic physiological dysfunction - an electroencephalogram, chromosomal analysis, a computerized axial tomograph. All of these were negative.
(Cut to an overlapping picture of another doctor sitting in the chair talking. He is reading off a paper.)
DR. COLLINS: "Mr. Tooms had recently lost his job," Parenthesis: "Baltimore Animal Regulation" slash "Dog Catcher," close parenthesis. "Aggravated by a false arrest incident with the FBI, his assault on Agent Scully was," quote, "frustration directed at the wrong person," end quote.
(Cut to another overlapping picture, this one of Dr. Aaron Monte in the same seat.)
AARON MONTE: I'm reading from a recent interview I did with Mr. Tooms at the Druid Hill Sanitarium. "Question: If you were released, what is the first thing you would do? Answer: I'd like my old job back. Question: Why? Answer: The animal shelter made me feel I was helping everyone, people and animals."
(Mulder leans back in his chair, disgusted. Monte taps his pen in time with the emphasized words.)
So you see, what is occuring here is that Mr. Tooms is learning to articulate his feelings and invest his emotional energy towards creative and constructive activity...
(Tooms looks at Dr. Monte with the yellowish eyes. From Tooms' point of view, the audio fades away and everything becomes black-and-white except for Monte. Monte looks back at Tooms, who looks down. The audio and visual status return to normal.)
...strategem neurotic build-up in himself.
(Tooms looks up, his eyes back to normal.)
It is my opinion that Mr. Tooms has had a very excellent response to the months of treatment and therapy and I would see no reason why he would be considered of any danger to himself or any member of society.
(Mulder takes the stand. He is being sworn in.)
WOMAN: Do you swear that the testimony you are about to deliver is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
MULDER: I do.
(He is seated. The prosecution attorney stands up and walks towards Mulder.)
PROSECUTION COUNSEL MYERS: Mr. Mulder, as an expert witness for the state of Maryland, can you list your qualifications?
MULDER: I'm a special agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, I worked for three years at the F.B.I.'s behavioral science unit profiling serial killers.
DEFENSE COUNSEL NELSON: Your honor, I know where he's going this. May I remind the court that Mr. Tooms was placed in psychiatric care solely for the previous assault on Agent Scully. He has never been charged, nor has any evidence linked him to another crime.
JUDGE KANN: You may proceed... with caution.
(Mulder sees Scully walk in and take a seat in the back.)
PROSECUTION COUNSEL MYERS: Agent Mulder, I understand that you've drawn upon your experience and developed a profile on Mr. Tooms.
MULDER: Yes, I have.
PROSECUTION COUNSEL MYERS: Please.
(He motions for Mulder to show it. Mulder starts a slideshow. The first picture is of a woman, face down.)
MULDER: These murders span nearly a century. Nineteen homicides, five occuring every thirty years since 1903, all in the Baltimore area. In each case, the liver was extracted and presumably eaten.
(The slides cycle through, showing various people lying face down. The judges are disturbed by the pictures. The pictures change to knick-knacks with a tag marked "Evidence" next to them.)
A trophy was taken, many of which were found in the living quarters of Eugene Tooms at 66 Exeter Street. Records show that a Eugene Tooms has resided at that same address since 1903, the same year a man was murdered in that building.
(Scully looks down, knowing the testimony seems incredulous. The judge looks at Mulder warily.)
Besides the liver extraction, the most notable element connecting these cases is the undetermined point of entry. Many of the victims were found with their windows and doors locked from the inside.
(Various fingerprints are shown in the slides.)
These elongated fingerprints found at seven of the nineteen crime sites match Eugene Victor Tooms.
(Mulder motions to Tooms.)
JUDGE KANN: Agent Mulder! Look at his fingers. Look at him! 100 years old?
MULDER: I contend that perhaps through genetic mutation, Eugene Tooms is capable of contorting and elongating his body in order to gain access to victims so that he may extract the livers which provide him with sustenance for the hibernation period of 30 years. He needs one more liver to complete this cycle.
(Everybody finds this testimony incredulous, and slight murmuring can be heard from the back.)
DEFENSE COUNSEL NELSON: Your honor...
MULDER: A preliminary examination done at the time of Tooms' arrest revealed abnormalities in his striated muscles and axial bones. His attorney blocked further study...
PROSECTION COUNSEL MYERS: Thank you, Agent Mulder!
MULDER: I must ask that you place the safety of...
JUDGE KANN: Counsel?
MULDER: ...the people first and foremost...
DEFENSE COUNSEL NELSON: No further questions, your honor.
MULDER: This is a rare and unusual human creature...
JUDGE KANN: Agent Mulder!
MULDER: ...who should not be released, but should be retained for further study.
JUDGE KANN: You may step down!
MULDER: If you release Eugene Tooms, he will kill again. It's in his genetic make-up.
(The judge bangs her gavel. Cut to Mulder, sitting on a bench in the hallway outside the courtroom. Scully walks out and over to Mulder.)
You think they would have taken me more seriously if I wore the grey suit?
(She sits down next to him.)
SCULLY: Mulder, your testimony, you sounded so...
MULDER: I don't care how it sounded as long as it was the truth.
(Scully sighs.)
And where were you? Your testimony was important.
SCULLY: I was called into a meeting by Assistant Director Skinner.
MULDER: What did he want?
SCULLY: Just wanted to reel me in.
(The door opens and Prosecution Council Myers walks out.)
PROSECUTION COUNSEL MYERS: They're ready.
(Back in the courtroom, Tooms and Defense Counsel Nelson are standing. Mulder and Scully sit in the back of the room.)
JUDGE KANN: It is the opinion of this court that Eugene Victor Tooms shall on this daybe released from Druid Hill Sanitarium.
(Tooms smiles. Mulder sighs a heavy breath.)
The court also attaches these conditions. One, that Mr. Tooms remain in counseling under the care of Dr. Aaron Monte; that he retain his job at the Baltimore Regulations Animal Shelter; and last, that he take residence in the house of Mr. and Mrs. Arlan Green...
(Mr. and Mrs. Green stand. Tooms looks back at them.)
... trained in a program to assist patients released from Druid Hill in their transition to society.
(They nod at him.)
Mr. Tooms?
(He looks back at her.)
Do you understand and accept these conditions?
EUGENE TOOMS: Yes, your honor.
(He nods.)
JUDGE KANN: Very well. You're free to go.
(She bangs her gavel again. Mulder and Scully walk out of the courtroom.)
MULDER: I'm not taking my eyes off him.
SCULLY: Mulder, wait...
MULDER: He needs to kill, he'll do it the first chance he can but he won't kill the old couple. He won't be that obvious. Tooms didn't remain a secret for a hundred years by not being careful. Think of him as an animal. He'll only kill out of necessity or self-defense. If he makes an attempt, I'll be there to stop him.
(They stop walking.)
SCULLY: Okay, well then I'll keep surveillance with you.
MULDER: No, I'll watch him. If he can't be tied to the most recent evidence, you'll have to go back to the earlier murders to prove it was him.
SCULLY: That was thirty or sixty years ago.
MULDER: There's no statute of limitation on murder.
SCULLY: Mulder, that's going to entail unorthodox methods of investigation.
MULDER: Look, Scully, if you're resistant because you don't believe, I'll respect that. But if you're resistant because of some bureaucratic pressure, they've not only reeled you in. They've already skinned you.
(Tooms walks out of the courtroom followed by Mr. and Mrs. Green. Tooms slows down a bit as he passes Mulder and Scully and smiles at them. They keep walking, turning the next corner.)
ARLAN GREEN: I hope you'll be comfortable, Eugene. The room in the back is small, but I'm sure you'll be able to squeeze in.
EUGENE TOOMS: I'm sure.



SCENE 4
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Tooms steps out of his Baltimore Animal Regulation van, walks to the back, takes out a garbage bag, puts on rubber gloves, walks a little down the street, bends over and picks up a rat. He puts the rat in the bag and the bag in the van. He licks the glove where he had touched the rat. He slams the door shut and goes around to the front of the truck again. Before he gets in, he looks over at a woman buying a cappucino at a stand. His breathing becomes heavy and the audio goes out. His eyes turn yellowish. As she starts walking down the street towards him, he starts walking towards her. Everything fades to black-and-white again except for the woman. He growls and his point of view is suddenly interrupted. He looks at the man in front of him and sees it is Agent Mulder. He snarls at him.)
MULDER: Excuse me.
(Tooms' eyes go back to normal.)
Could you help me find my dog?
(Tooms walks back to the car and opens the door.)
He's a Norweigan Elkhound. His name is Heinrich. I use him to hunt moose.
(Tooms gets in and drives away. Mulder watches him drive by.)



SCENE 5
LYNNE ACRES RETIREMENT HOME; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Detective Frank Briggs looks at a newspaper clipping with the headline "Suspect Caught in Serial Killings." Under the title is a picture of Tooms. Briggs crumples up the paper and throws it down. He rubs his forehead and sighs. Scully is standing.)
FRANK BRIGGS: If Tooms gets away now then the next time he takes a life, you'll be nearly my age.
SCULLY: Detective Briggs, you've helped us so much before. Now we have to prove that Tooms was involved in the killings you investigated thirty years ago. You've lived with this case half your life.
(She walks towards him and sits down.)
There must be something. Maybe a connection between the victims. Now, I know that we've seen all the evidence, but is there anything, anything at all amongst the evidence that doesn't fit?
FRANK BRIGGS: There was something that never did sit quite right with me. All of the victims that I investigated in '63 were found at the crime scene, liver extracted. All five.
SCULLY: As were the four most recent murders.
(Briggs wheels himself over to the bed with a box on it.)
FRANK BRIGGS: When I was a sherrif during the Powhatan Mill killings of 1933, only four of the victims were found at the crime scene. However, there was a fifth person who was missing and never found.
(Scully walks over to him. He takes out a piece of liver in a jar marked "Evidence.")
But this, this was discovered at the Ruxton Chemical Plant when it was under construction.
(He hands the jar to her. She sits down.)
But it doesn't belong to the other victims.
SCULLY: That doesn't prove that it belongs to a person murdered by Tooms.
FRANK BRIGGS: I'm positive that Tooms hid this one victim because there was something about the body that could prove he was the killer.
SCULLY: And what makes you positive?
FRANK BRIGGS: A hunch. A good old-fashioned hunch. You've got to trust your instincts.
SCULLY: And what does your instincts say about where Tooms buried the body?
FRANK BRIGGS: In the cement where they poured the foundation of the chemical plant.



SCENE 6
RUXTON CHEMICAL PLANT; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(A man with some sort of scanner moves the machine along the foundation as a read-out is being printed from the machine. The rock inside the foundation is shown on a screen. Scully and Briggs are behind a man who is watching the screen and making notes on the print-out.)
SCULLY: Ground-penetrating radar. It bounces signals off of objects or cavities.
FRANK BRIGGS: Tells you where the body is.
SCULLY: Well, it signals if something inordinate is present. An experienced operator attempts to differentiate if the signal is a body or is stone or a hole in the ground.
FRANK BRIGGS: Differentiate?
SCULLY: Mm-hmmm.
FRANK BRIGGS: You mean he guesses?
SCULLY: Well, it's an educated guess.
FRANK BRIGGS: Mm-hmmm.
(Scully walks over to the man at the machine.)
SCULLY: How are we doing?
OPERATOR: Well, it's really hard to tell. There are some possibilities... very few places...
(The sound of the man's voice trails off as Briggs wheels around some pipes and columns. He stops at a piece of the ground.)
FRANK BRIGGS: It's here. Here!
(He points at the ground as Scully and a few men run around the corner.)
MAN: What is it?
FRANK BRIGGS: It's here. It's right here!



SCENE 7
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Tooms puts an unidentifyable roadkill of some sort into another garbage bag. As he stands up, a man in a blue trenchcoat walks by. Tooms turns to look at him. He gets in the back of the van and watches the man get in his car. His eyes turn yellow and the noises of the crowd fade away. Everything fades to black-and-white but the man. Tooms slams the door shut and watches him through the glass.)



SCENE 8
RUXTON CHEMICAL PLANT; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(A man with a jackhammer digs through the foundation at the part Briggs pointed out. Scully, Briggs, and various men watch. They all have protective earpieces and safety goggles. He stops and another man bends down with an air hose, blowing away the loose dirt.)
AIR HOSE MAN: Agent Scully? Look at this.
(Scully takes off her earpieces and goes over to the spot. Scully bends down and pushes away the dirt with a brush. Briggs goes over as well. Looking closely, Scully sees that there are three bone fingers, one with a silver ring on it.)



SCENE 9
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(The man in the blue trenchcoat pulls up in his car at a house. Tooms pulls up in his van, followed by Mulder in his car. Inside the house, the man, Frank Ranford, is in a sweatshirt looking at data charts on his computer. His wife, Christine, is standing next to him.)
CHRISTINE RANFORD: Robotoddler's finally asleep. I'm going to go to bed.
FRANK RANFORD: Okay.
(She walks out of the room. Outside, we hear a dog barking. Mulder is sleeping, but a passing car wakes him up. He looks at his watch and gets out of the car. He goes to the Baltimore Animal Regulation van and shines his flashlight in the front seat. He goes to the back of the van, opens the door, and shines his flashlight in. He looks out and runs off to the house. Under the van, we see the manhole cover close. Inside the bathroom, Christine Ranford fixes her hair. She blows her nose and goes over to the toilet. Looking in, she sees the water is green and bubbling. Mulder skulks around outside. In the bathroom, Christine tries to unclog the toilet. The toilet flushes and the baby starts crying.)
CHRISTINE RANFORD: I'm coming, honey. Mommy's right here. Shh, shh.
(She goes out of the bathroom. The wire on the tool she was using starts being pulled down the toilet drain. Frank is still typing on his keyboard. Christine comes in wearing gloves.)
Screw it.
(She goes to pull out the wire but it is pulled back in. She yanks it again, pulling it out this time. She starts to walk out, but turns around, puts the lid down and latches the child-proof lock. We see Mulder searching outside and Frank writing something down. Tooms skulks around to the side of the house. His fingers slide under the small hole between the window and the windowledge. He pulls open the window. As Frank continues typing, Tooms, covered with sludge, puts his foot through the iron bars on the window and steps on the desk. He struggles to pull himself through. He gets through, growls, and moves off towards his prey. Frank pulls a paper out of a desk drawer as yellow eyes watch him. The area around Frank grows black-and-white, and all we can hear is heavy breathing. Frank sits down at his computer. Mulder spots marks, hand prints, on the windowsill. He hurries off towards the house and knocks on the door. Christine calls to her husband.)
Would you go down and get that?
(Frank sighs and closes the door behind him. He goes down and moves the curtain away, looking through the door. Mulder is standing there, holding his badge.)
MULDER: F.B.I.
(Frank opens the door.)
I suspect an intruder in your house.
FRANK RANFORD: What?
(Mulder walks into the room, followed by Christine and Frank. Frank points at the open window.)
Someone opened my window.
(Mulder walks over to the window and shines his flashlight outside. He looks down at the windowsill and sees the same handprints as before, this time from the inside. He rushes out the front door and sees that the van has gone, the manhole that was under it releasing steam.)



SCENE 10
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE; FORENSIC ANTHROPOLOGY LAB
(Doctor Collins and Scully walk in and over to the block of cement containing the skeleton, which was apparently dug up.)
DR. PLITH: I suspect the year of death to be in the mid-1930s. The anterior surface of the right femur was green indicating a long-term exposure to copper. So we concentrated on the area and we found several pennies.
(They walk over to his desk, where he picks up a few pennies and shows them to Scully.)
1933, 31, 1933...
SCULLY: Can you determine the cause of death? My instinct says that burial in cement is murder.
DR. PLITH: Ah, no. At the moment, I have found no definite proof of murder. There are gnawing marks near the ribs, however, I suspect thats the result of rodent activity prior to the body being set in cement. Well need to see much more of the remains to determine cause of death. As you know, its a slow but necessary process. Uh, I did try a little something. Its a little premature if were going to go by-the-book.
SCULLY: Well, well keep it off the record.
DR. PLITH: Good, thank you.
(He walks over to a computer. Scully follows.)
The old man, Briggs, he gave me a photograph of the missing person in 1933 suspected of being a murder victim. I ran a computer-assisted photographic superimposition on what we have of the skull.
(He holds up a picture of a man with glasses.)
Now, this is not official... but that skeleton was that person.
(He holds up a picture, half of which is the skull, half of which is the man. The basic structures seem to match.)



SCENE 11
MULDERS CAR
(Mulder is looking at the picture. He is in the drivers seat, Scullys in the passenger seat.)
MULDER: Its not enough. It doesnt tie it to Tooms.
SCULLY: Well, its a start.
(Mulder nods. Scully looks at the various take-out food trays.)
Mulder, its getting a bit ripe in here, dont you think?
(Mulder reaches over into the glove compartment, pulls out an air freshener, and tears off the wrapper. He holds it up.)
MULDER: Pine-scented.
(He smells it, then puts it in front of Scullys nose.)
SCULLY: Ooh!
(He hangs it on the rear-view mirror. He sniffs the air.)
MULDER: Better?
(He exhales. Scully looks at him, a slight smile.)
Tooms hasnt come out of the house all day. I sat through a Phillies game, an Orioles game, and four hours of Ba-Ba-Booey. When it got dark, I took a walk around the block. Do you have that sandwich that I asked you to bring?
(Scully digs through a paper bag and pulls out a sandwich.)
SCULLY: Its liverwurst.
MULDER: Ha-ha.
(He opens up the wrapper.)
SCULLY: Mulder, you know that proper surveillance requires two pairs of agents, one pair relieving the other after twelve hours.
MULDER: Article 30, paragraph 8.7?
SCULLY: This isnt about doing it by the book. This is about you not having slept for three days. Mulder, youre going to get sloppy and youre going to get hurt. Its inevitable at this point.
MULDER: A request for other agents to stake-out Tooms would be denied. Then we have no grounds.
SCULLY: Well, then Ill stay here. You go home.
(Mulder sighs.)
MULDER: Theyre out to put an end to the X-Files, Scully. I dont know why, but any excuse will do. Now, I dont really care about my record, but youd be in trouble just for sitting in this car and Id hate to see you to carry an official reprimand in your file because of me.
(Scully sighs.)
SCULLY: Fox...
(Mulder laughs. Scully looks at him.)
MULDER: And I... I even made my parents call me Mulder. So... Mulder.
SCULLY: Mulder, I wouldnt put myself on the line for anybody but you.
(They look at each other.)
MULDER: If theres an ice tea in that bag, could be love.
(She takes out the drink.)
SCULLY: Must be fate, Mulder. Root beer.
(Mulder kiddingly sighs.)
Youre delirious. Go home and get some sleep.
(Mulder hands her the sandwich.)
MULDER: Here. Take my sandwich, I only had one bite. Youre gonna want it later, believe me. And youll call me if anything happens, immediately. Ill be here.
(She starts to get out of the car.)
Oh, and 11:30, station 790, Pete Rose Late Night Sports Talk Radio Show.
(He nods grinning. Scully, grinning in a half-doubting-his-sanity sort of way, gets out of the car and walks away. We hear a dog barking.)
SCULLY: Wouldnt miss it for the world.
(Mulder starts the car. We see the trunk latch shut before he drives away. Scully gets in the car and looks at the sandwich.)



SCENE 12
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Mulder is asleep on the couch. The original movie version of "The Fly" is on the TV. In it, David Hedison's character Andre Delambre walks out of his chamber with a black cloth over his head.)
NURSE ON TV: It has worked, hasnt it? Youll be all right now. I know it worked!
(She pulls the black hood off Delambres head to reveal a flys head. She screams as dramatic music plays. Mulder sleeps soundly through it all. A screw on the air vent loosens, squeaking.)
No! No! Nooo!!!!
(The screw falls to the floor. The next one starts turning and squeaking. Mulder wakes up and the screw stops turning. He goes back to sleep and the screw falls out. Tooms steps in and looks at Mulder, yellow eyes blazing. He puts his finger to his face and pushes in. Blood pours down his face. He drags the blood down his cheek with his finger. He groans.)



SCENE 13
HOSPITAL; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Tooms is sitting on an examination table. Detective Talbot takes down notes as Doctor Richmond looks at him.)
DETECTIVE TALBOT: Yeah, they found him out cold in the street.
DR. RICHMOND: Hes been beaten up pretty badly. Contusions, multiple lacerations. Shoulders been pulled right out of joint. Lets get him prepped for some blood work and X-rays.
MALE NURSE: Yes, doctor.
(She looks at his face. We see Tooms face now, bloodied in various places. A shoeprint is on his face.)
DR. RICHMOND: Hes been kicked in the jaw and it may be fractured. Look, theres a partial shoeprint.
DETECTIVE TALBOT: I want to get a photo of that, we might be able to find the shoe that matches it later.
DR. RICHMOND: Do you know who did this to you?
(Tooms mouths some words. The doctor leans in and Tooms is barely audible, so much that he cannot be understood.)
Well be right back, Mr. Tooms.
(She goes to the back room with Talbot.)
Says its an F.B.I. agent named Mulder.
DETECTIVE TALBOT: So would you say hes delusional or just schizophrenic?
DR. RICHMOND: Well, its just a cursory exam, but theres nothing to indicate that.
(Tooms snaps his shoulder back into place with a resounding pop. He smiles slightly.)



SCENE 14
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Mulder is awakened by a knock on the door. He gets up and opens it. Talbot shows him his badge.)
DETECTIVE TALBOT: Agent Mulder?
MULDER: Yeah.
(Talbot comes in followed by a police officer. Talbot motions for the officer to check out the back room where the couch is.)
Whats going on?
(Mulder follows the officer and sees him kneel over and pick up a pair of Mulders sneakers.)
Whats this about?
DETECTIVE TALBOT: Agent Mulder, get your things. Youre in some trouble.
(The officer and Talbot start out the door. Mulder starts to follow when he steps on something metallic, hearing a click. He bends down and picks up the screw from the air vent. He looks at the vent and sees it is missing a screw.)



SCENE 15
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR SKINNER'S OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner walks from the door to his desk, around Mulder and Scully, both are seated. The Cigarette-Smoking Man is seated off to the side.)
SKINNER: These are serious allegations, Agent Mulder, the evidence is incriminating.
MULDER: A good forensic scientist would know that there is not only a shoe print but also an impact point from inside the shoe. An indepth analysis of Tooms injury would show that my foot was not inside the shoe at the time of impact.
SKINNER: Mulder, are you suggesting that Tooms is framing you?
MULDER: Of course.
SKINNER: If indeed you were engaged in an unauthorized round-the-clock surviellance of Tooms, how could he possibly gain access to your shoe without you seeing him?
(Mulder goes to speak, but Scully cuts him off.)
SCULLY: Sir? I was engaged in the unauthorized surveillance as well and Agent Mulder was orienting me on the situation at the time Tooms was admitted into the hospital. Agent Mulder could not have done it because he was with me.
SKINNER: Agent Scully, you wouldnt be lying in me, would you?
SCULLY: Sir, I would expect you to place the same trust in me as I do in you.
SKINNER: Agent Scully, may I have a word with Agent Mulder, please?
(Scully looks at Mulder, sighs, and leaves. The Cigarette-Smoking Man lights a cigarette. Skinner gets up, takes off his glasses and walks around to Mulder.)
Fox, you are one of the finest, most unique agents in the nearly sixty-year history of this institution.
(He sits down where Scully was sitting.)
I mean, we were talking about you when you were in the academy. Now, most of us, including the director, feel that your talents are wasted on the X-Files but we respect that youre deeply invested in those areas. But if these areas are creating such stress as to not only cause you to act inappropriately but those agents close to you as well then may I advise you to step away... for a while. Clear your head, take an extended vacation.
MULDER: Thats a good idea. Thanks for your concern.
(Skinner looks at the Cigarette-Smoking Man, who takes a drag. He gets up, sighs, goes back around his desk and puts on his glasses.)
SKINNER: Youre forbidden to go near Eugene Tooms.
(Mulder gets up and goes to the door.)
Mulder...
(Mulder stops. The Cigarette-Smoking Man crosses to Skinner.)
This was close. Any closer and a thousand friends at the capitol wont be able to help you.



SCENE 16
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE; FORENSIC ANTHROPOLOGY LAB
(Mulder is looking at an x-ray of Tooms dental x-rays.)
SCULLY: These are Eugene Tooms dental x-rays obtained from the Druid Hill Sanitarium. Your sandwich the other night gave me an idea. Dr. Plith had mentioned that he found gnawing on the rib cage near the location of the liver.
(They walk over to the skeleton in cement.)
Further excavation revealed more pronounced bite marks, human teeth marks.
MULDER: Tooms will never voluntarily submit to a dental cast.
(Scully walks over to Dr. Plith, who is seated at the computer, and sits down. Mulder follows.)
SCULLY: This software can create an exact three-dimensional model of Tooms mouth from the dental radiograph.
(A three-dimensional image appears of Tooms mouth on the computer, followed by a 3-D image of the bitten rib.)
DR. PLITH: Weve also mapped out the bite marks on the skeletons rib... there.
(He points out the bite marks on the image. He presses a few buttons and the jaws appear above and below the bone. The areas around the bites and teeth blink green.)
They match.



SCENE 17
THE GREEN HOUSE; BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Tooms is tearing up newspaper at his desk to make his nest when there is a knocking at the door. Arlan Green comes in followed by Dr. Monte.)
ARLAN GREEN: Eugene, Doctor Monte.
AARON MONTE: Hi, Eugene. I just wanted to stop by and see how everything was going.
ARLAN GREEN: Susan and I are going out for the evening. See you later.
(He shakes Montes hand.)
AARON MONTE: Thanks.
(Green leaves.)
Great place. Wonderful place. How are you feeling?
(Tooms breathing becomes erratic. The color fades out of the room and Monte is no longer audible. Monte sits on the bed. Suddenly, it all goes back to normal.)
Why the newspaper strips, Eugene? Are you making some paper-mache?
EUGENE TOOMS: Yes.
AARON MONTE: Thats terrific. Wonderful, I had no idea you were interested in art.
(Tooms stands.)
EUGENE TOOMS: I like art.
AARON MONTE: I do too and Im very proud of you.
(Tooms goes to the door and his eyes turn yellow.)
You know, art can provide a window to your thoughts and your feelings...what are you doing, Eugene?
(Tooms closes the door.)
Eugene? Are you alright?
(We hear a short scream, a bang, and a long scream. Obviously, Monte is the one screaming. Mulder and Scully pull up to the house. They get out and Mulder knocks on the door. Mulder opens the door and they go inside. They go into Tooms room. Mulder tries the light switch, but it does not work. He takes out his flashlight. We see a bloody hand laying across the top of a chair.)
MULDER: That makes five.
(He walks over to the desk and picks up a piece of bloody newspaper.)
Hes building his nest. Thirty year hibernation.
SCULLY: Where would he go?
MULDER: Where hes gone for the last ninty years, 66 Exeter Street.
SCULLY: No, I already checked on that. They tore down that apartment building he lived in.
MULDER: Whats there now?



SCENE 18
66 EXETER STREET; BALTIMORE
(A giant shopping mall with the words "City Square" is in place of the run-down apartment building. A security guard unlocks the door for Mulder and Scully.)
MULDER: Thanks.
(They walk through, both carrying flashlights.)
Hes got to be here.
SCULLY: If he is drawn to this location for some reason, maybe this nest is in the approximate location of his previous nest.
(They stop.)
This is the area. Theres a storage facility on the second floor.
(Mulder starts up the escalator but stops and turns around, shining the light at Scully.)
What?
(Mulder shines the light down at the door leading to under the escalator for utility purposes. They open up the door.)
Theres only room for one.
(Scully starts to take off her trenchcoat, but Mulder stops her.)
MULDER: You can get the next mutant.
(Mulder takes off his coat and tie, unbuttons the top of his shirt, puts his gun in the holster and, flashlight in hand, climbs down into the crawlspace. He shines the flashlight down on the floor and sees some traces of bile. He takes out his gun and starts crawling through the passage. He shakes off a grate and continues on his way. Down the passageway, we can barely make out the same kind of nest that he previously had: a yellowish paper construct.)
SCULLY: (off in distance) Mulder?
(Scully shines her flashlight down into the hole, trying to see Mulder. Mulder shuffles through left-over newspaper and comes right up to the nest. Mulder inspects the nest closer and sees a tiny hole with bile dripping off of it. Suddenly, a hand bursts through and grabs Mulders shoulder. Mulder drops the gun as he starts to be pushed into the nest. He breaks free and Tooms tears through the rest of the hole, naked, covered in bile, yellow eyes, growling.)
(off in distance) Mulder!
(He charges at Mulder but is smashed in the face by the flashlight. A quick backhand with the flashlight sends Tooms down. Mulder shimmies down the vent, closely followed by Tooms. Mulder comes to the opening and Scully offers her hand to pull him up.)
Mulder! Mulder, here! Quick, grab my hand! Come on! Just a little...
(Before he can do so, Tooms, growling, grabs his ankle and pulls him back into the hole. Mulder struggles to not get pulled in. He kicks Tooms in the face and grabs Scullys hand. Scully pulls him up as Tooms struggles to get out. Mulder jumps forward and presses a button, turning the elevator on. Tooms screams and is dragged under. Blood rolls up on the stairs. Mulder and Scully watch as they recover from their ordeal.)



SCENE 19
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR SKINNER'S OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner looks at the file for Tooms. A picture and fingerprints are on a paper. He closes the file, which reads on the cover:
"Federal Bureau
Of
Investigation
Bureau file number: X 129202
Eugene Victor Tooms - Closed")
SKINNER: You read this report?
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man walks towards the window. Skinner looks at him.)
Do you believe them?
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Of course I do.



SCENE 20
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND
(Mulder is looking at a caterpillar cocoon hanging off a branch. Scully walks up next to him.)
SCULLY: Okay, lets go.
MULDER: Its amazing how things change, isnt it?
(Scully looks at the cocoon.)
SCULLY: The caterpillar?
MULDER: No, a change for us. Its coming.
SCULLY: How do you know?
MULDER: A hunch.
(He walks away. Scully looks at the caterpillar, turns and follows.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
14TH PRECINCT HOUSE, BUFFALO, NEW YORK
(A car pulls up in front of the precinct house, and two detectives enter the building. One of them, Detective Rudy Barbala, greets Detective Sharon Lazard, who is at her desk.)

DET. BARBALA: What ho.

DET. LAZARD: What ho.

DET. BARBALA: Hey, Lazard. Now why do the night guys get a piece like you when we're stuck with old eel breath?

DET. LAZARD: It's fate, Detective, conspiring to keep us apart. All right, I'm outta here. (to Barbala) See ya. (to another co-worker) Tomorrow.

(She leaves the building and walks down the street. In an alley, she sees a little girl sitting alone near some trash bags. She enters the alley and walks toward the little girl.)

DET. LAZARD: You all right? You lost?

(The little girl doesn't respond at first, then nods.)

(Lazard and Barbala are walking through the station house.)

DET. LAZARD: Anyway, I got her in the holding room. She's not talking, she won't say a word ... at least not to me.

DET. BARBALA: (smiling) And you're asking me because you know how good I am with kids, right?

DET. LAZARD: (also smiling) Yeah, a regular Mr. Greenjeans.

(They enter the holding room, where the little girl, Michelle Bishop, is sitting at a table facing the window.)

DET. LAZARD: Hi. This is Detective Barbala. He's gonna help you find your parents.

DET. BARBALA: Hi ya sweetheart. What's your name?

MICHELLE: Michelle.

DET. LAZARD: Everything's gonna be all right. OK? Don't be scared now.

(Lazard leaves the room, closing the door behind her. Barbala moves around the table and sits facing Michelle, his back to the window.)

DET. BARBALA: Michelle what? (she stares at him but doesn't respond at first) Well, you said your first name was Michelle, now what's your last name?

MICHELLE: Bishop.

DET. BARBALA: (writing on his note pad) Bishop. Michelle Bishop. And where do you live, Michelle? Here in Buffalo?

(She stares at him again. Moments later, we see something crashing through the window. A loud crash is heard in the precinct house.)

VARIOUS IN PRECINCT HOUSE: What was that? Did you hear that?

(Lazard runs back to the holding room and enters. She sees the broken window and approaches it.)

MAN FROM STREET BELOW: Somebody call an ambulance!

(She looks out the window and sees a body lying on the roof of a car below. She turns to look at the little girl, who stares back at her.)





SCENE 2
(Outside the station house, news crews and police cars surround the scene. Inside, Lazard talks with Mulder and Scully.)

MULDER: How'd you hear about us?

DET. LAZARD: My brother. My, uh, my brother's a cop. Baltimore. He told me about your work on the Tooms case, said you gotta good feel for things out of the ordinary. (Mulder and Scully exchange a brief glance) Look, the truth is Barbala never won any popularity contests here at the one-four, but he's, he's still a cop, you know. I guess that's why I can't just let this rest.

SCULLY: You said there was one witness, a little girl. What did she say happened?

DET. LAZARD: She said there was another man in the room.

SCULLY: Well, it stands to reason that somebody ...

DET. LAZARD: I was right outside. I'm telling you, there was nobody else there except for Barbala and the kid.

(They start walking through the station house.)

MULDER: So you didn't get a description of who the kid saw?

DET. LAZARD: I'm telling you, there was no one else. Listen. The department is treating this as a suicide, but I gotta tell you. I knew this guy. There's no way he did himself.

SCULLY: Was he depressed or under psychiatric care of any kind?

DET. LAZARD: No. Only time he ever looked at himself was in the mirror. And he always liked what he saw.

(They've reached the holding room. Mulder walks toward the window.)

MULDER: Plus jumpers tend to open the window before they jump. Where's the kid now?

DET. LAZARD: She was released about an hour ago. Her mother came to pick her up.

SCULLY: You don't really think the girl had anything to do with it, do you?

DET. LAZARD: I don't know what to believe any more. You know, eight years I've been on this force, I've seen a lot of strange things. But I'm telling you ... this kid ... something's just not right about her.

(At the Bishop residence, Michelle is sitting next to Harry Linhart, an FBI technician. He is developing a sketch on a computer based on her description. Mulder stands behind them.)

LINHART: Did he have long hair or short hair?

MICHELLE: Short.

(Linhart hits a key, and the face on the computer fills in short hair.)

MULDER: Like that? (she nods) Was his hair dark like mine or lighter like yours?

MICHELLE: Like mine.

(Linhart types some more and the hair color lightens.)

LINHART: What about a beard or a moustache?

MICHELLE: Moustache.

(Mulder whispers something in Linhart's ear and he nods.)

LINHART: Like this? (a very long, pointed moustache appears on the screen; Michelle smiles) Or this?

(The moustache curls at the ends into a handlebar moustache. Michelle laughs. Suddenly the computer monitor flashes and the screen shows a man with a normal mustache.)

LINHART: Whoa! What happened? Weird. I didn't even hit a key. Must be a glitch in the new software.

MULDER: Michelle? Was his mustache like that? (she nods)

(Meanwhile, Scully and Mrs. Bishop are talking in the living room.)

SCULLY: Do you have any idea how your daughter might have gotten there? Buffalo's half an hour away by train and the station is a five minute car ride.

MRS. BISHOP: When I came home, Mrs. Dougherty was locked in the wine cellar. I called the police immediately.

SCULLY: And Mrs. Dougherty is?

MRS. BISHOP: Michelle's nanny. The latest, that is. She's already gone through four this year, and it's only April.

SCULLY: What seems to be the problem?

MRS. BISHOP: Michelle is the problem.

SCULLY: How do you mean?

MRS. BISHOP: As hard as it is for a mother to admit ... Michelle is a disturbed child. Oh, I know this sounds terrible to say, but the truth is that sometimes she frightens me.

SCULLY: Frightens you how?

MRS. BISHOP: She's not like other girls, Agent Scully.

SCULLY: Tell me.

MRS. BISHOP: She just isn't. She doesn't have any friends. She hardly ever smiles. It breaks my heart that I can't comfort her. She says she sees things that I can't see. She hears people yelling in her head.

(They've stepped outside and are walking next to a covered swimming pool.)

MRS. BISHOP: Last summer we had to cover our pool. Jim was trying to teach her how to swim, but every time that Michelle would get close to the water, she would just start to scream - scream like you've never heard in all your life.

SCULLY: Your husband? Where is he now?

MRS. BISHOP: We're divorced.

(Mulder comes out of the house carrying the finished sketch.)

MULDER: Mrs. Bishop?

MRS. BISHOP: Um-hmm.

MULDER: (showing her the sketch) This is the man Michelle says she saw at the police station. Do you recognize him?

MRS. BISHOP: No, I'm sorry.

MULDER: She also mentioned a friend ... someone named Sheila. Do you know who that is?

MRS. BISHOP: That would be Dr. Braun. She's the developmental psychologist over at Brylin Hospital. Michelle sees her twice a week.

(Mulder looks up to see Michelle looking at them from an upstairs window. She tosses something out and it flutters to the ground next to them. Mulder picks it up - blue paper folded in the shape of a bird.)

MULDER: Look at that? Looks like a hawk or a falcon.

SCULLY: It's beautiful.

MRS. BISHOP: It's called origami.

MULDER: Japanese paper folding. Where'd she learn how to do that?

MRS. BISHOP: I have no idea.

(Out front, Linhart has his computer equipment in the back of a car. He feeds the sketch into a fax machine as Mulder and Scully approach.)

MULDER: So Harry, you'll put that face into the system?

LINHART: As we speak.

MULDER: Can you give Scully a ride back into the city?

SCULLY: Wait a minute. We have an autopsy at 7.

MULDER: That's your department. I'm gonna go over to Brylin Hospital, see if I can have a little chat with Michelle's shrink.

(He starts away but stops and turns back to her.)

MULDER: Oh, oh, and check for burns or lesions on Barbala's body.

SCULLY: Why?

MULDER: Psychokinesis is usually associated with an electrical charge.

SCULLY: Are you saying Michelle possesses the ability to psychically project her own will?

MULDER: How else could a 60-pound kid throw a 200-pound detective out the window?




SCENE 3
BRYLIN PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL,
BUFFALO, NEW YORK
(Mulder talks to Dr. Sheila Braun in her office.)

DR. BRAUN: (handing the sketch back to him) Nope. I don't recognize him. I have no idea who this man is.

MULDER: Could Michelle have fabricated him?

DR. BRAUN: Quite possibly. As with many dissociative disorders, the intensity of the patient's emotions is often too much for one personality to process. So in defense, part of the personality splits itself off.

MULDER: As in schizophrenia?

DR. BRAUN: I'm afraid Michelle's diagnosis is not quite that simple. You see, my primary challenge has been to discover the source of her extreme rage. In most cases, it's a traumatic event in the patient's past.

MULDER: And in Michelle's case?

DR. BRAUN: (sighs and steps to a cabinet next to her desk) Occasionally, I would leave Michelle alone for part of our session - with this doll. (opens the cabinet, which has several identical dolls on a shelf) Each time a new doll, anatomically intact. (she hands one to Mulder) And each time, she dismembers and disfigures it in exactly the same way. (the doll is missing an arm and an eye) First I thought she was being abused, but after a number of sessions with her parents, I became convinced that there was something else behind Michelle's anxiety. Something much deeper, much more elusive.

MULDER: Any theories?

DR. BRAUN: Frankly, no. I'm at a loss.

MULDER: Have you tried deep regression hypnosis?

DR. BRAUN: I've found hypnosis an unreliable approach at best.

MULDER: OK. Well, in the meantime, how have you been treating Michelle?

DR. BRAUN: Well, the thorazine has been quite effective in regulating her more bizarre behavior.

MULDER: I'm sure. Have you observed any unexplained phenomena in Michelle's presence?

DR. BRAUN: Unexplained phenomena?

MULDER: Inordinate physical strength, psychic ability, telekinesis...

DR. BRAUN: You're joking, of course.

(He shakes his head. She looks at her watch.)

DR. BRAUN: I have a patient waiting, Agent Mulder. If you'll excuse me.

(Scully is performing an autopsy on Barbala. A photographer works with her.)

SCULLY: Note postmortem examination is being conducted 11 hours and 45 minutes after subject was pronounced. (she sees a large red area on the body's lower chest) Note raised lesion approximately 7 centimeters below sternum. Deep necrosis inconsistent with cause of death as pronounced by Dr. Gilder, and suggests localized electrocution ... but a further tissue analysis will be necessary.

(Lazard sticks her head through the door, looking none too eager to come any further into the room.)

DET. LAZARD: Excuse me. Could I talk to you for a second?

SCULLY: I just started the autopsy.

DET. LAZARD: Yeah. Um, I don't think he's going anywhere.

SCULLY: (to photographer) Will you, uh, take a couple for scale, please. Thank you. I'll be right back.

(She steps out to speak with Lazard, who hands her the sketch along with a photograph of a man.)

DET. LAZARD: So what do you think?

SCULLY: Looks like a match.

DET. LAZARD: Yeah. Name's Charlie Morris. Officer Charlie Morris. Used to work narcotics out at the two-seven.

SCULLY: Do you know him?

DET. LAZARD: No. Before my time.

SCULLY: Where is he now? Has he been transferred?

DET. LAZARD: You could say that. Agent Scully, this guy's been dead for nine years. Which means that little girl saw ... a ghost.




SCENE 4
14TH PRECINCT HOUSE, BUFFALO, NEW YORK
(Scully enters with a case file and walks toward Mulder, who is looking at Charlie Morris' photograph.)

SCULLY: He was killed in Chinatown - gangland style, allegedly by the Triads, although no arrests were ever made. Now Mulder, if you're gonna tell me that you think Michelle Bishop saw a poltergeist ...

MULDER: Hey, you're the one that found a lesion on Barbala's body. You said it could have been caused by an intense concentration of electrothermal energy.

SCULLY: "Could have been" being the operative phrase. Now, I'm not going to know for sure until the lab results are in, and even then ...

MULDER: Why is it still so hard for you to believe, even when all the evidence suggests extraordinary phenomena?

SCULLY: Because sometimes ...

(She starts walking across the room. Mulder follows.)

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: ... looking for extreme possibilities makes you blind to the probable explanation right in front of you.

(She has walked to a trophy case along the wall near the holding room. In it is a plaque with Charlie Morris' picture on it.)

SCULLY: This is the face that Michelle Bishop saw. She walked right by here and she saw the face of Charlie Morris ... which means that there weren't any ghosts flying around the precinct.

MULDER: You have the police report describing Morris' death?

SCULLY: Yeah, I have what's been declassified. Why?

MULDER: Does it describe how he was murdered?

SCULLY: Yes, I told you. It was a signature hit.

MULDER: Give me the grisly details.

SCULLY: His arm was severed just below the shoulder, presumably by a chainsaw, and his right eye was gouged out.

(Mulder walks to his briefcase and pulls out the doll that Dr. Braun showed him.)

MULDER: This is what Michelle did to a dozen dolls in her shrink's office. Hell of a coincidence, wouldn't you say? Now before we discount anything, I think we should find out more about Charlie Morris. I got the address of his partner on the force. Hopefully, he can tell us something.




SCENE 5
FIORE RESIDENCE, KENMORE, NEW YORK
(Mulder and Scully drive up, then knock on the front door. A man answers.)

MULDER: Detective Fiore? We're with the FBI. Can we talk to you for a minute? Do you know this man?

(The man closes the door, unlatches the chain, and comes out onto the porch, closing the door behind him.)

DET. FIORE: You mind if we do this out here? Uh, I don't want to wake my wife.

SCULLY: Yeah, this won't take long.

DET. FIORE: Yeah, sure I know him. That's, uh, Charlie. Charlie Morris.

MULDER: You two were partners?

DET. FIORE: Yeah, we rode together his first nine months out of the academy.

MULDER: What can you tell us about the circumstances surrounding his death?

(Fiore looks back toward the house, then moves farther from the door, toward the end of the porch.)

DET. FIORE: That matter is still under investigation and so I can't comment on it.

SCULLY: Detective, we're under the direct authority of Captain Gershom at the 14th precinct.

DET. FIORE: 14th precinct? I never worked out of the one-four. What's all this about?

MULDER: Well, we believe that the death of Detective Rudy Barbala yesterday can be linked to the death of Officer Morris nine years ago.

DET. FIORE: Linked how? I thought this Barbala flipped his wig and jumped out of a window.

SCULLY: Did you know the detective?

DET. FIORE: By reputation. Look, what's all this got to do with Charlie?

MULDER: Well, that's what we need your help with. The police report said that Officer Morris was killed off-duty.

DET. FIORE: That's right. Best we can figure, it was some kind of payback.

MULDER: For what?

DET. FIORE: Well, around that time, the organized crime division was doing a major sweep in Chinatown.

MULDER: The Triads.

DET. FIORE: Yeah. Some very heavy busts went down against the Woo Shing Woo. A lot of smack never made it to the street. You can bet there were some pretty pissed off people playing Mah-Jongg that week.

MULDER: So you think that Charlie Morris was killed as a warning to back off?

DET. FIORE: I think they picked a cop - any cop - and they whacked him.

MRS. FIORE: (stepping out the front door) Who is it, Tony?

DET. FIORE: Oh, it's nothing to worry about, honey. Just some people from the FBI asking about a case I'm working.

SCULLY: Sir, would you mind ...

DET. FIORE: Hey, it's the weekend. You guys mind? You can get me at the squad, first thing Monday morning, OK?

SCULLY: Sure.

DET. FIORE: Good luck.

(He closes the door. Mulder and Scully walk down the steps and sidewalk toward their car.)

MULDER: Is it me or did we just get the brush-off?

SCULLY: Did you notice her hands?

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: He said she was sleeping, but her hands were dusted with baking flour.




SCENE 6
BUFFALO MUTUAL LIFE, MAIN OFFICE,
BUFFALO, NEW YORK
(Detective Fiore is pacing the floor, talking nervously with another man, Felder.)

FELDER: Not a big deal, all right? Don't jerk yourself around Tony. You're acting like a little bug.

DET. FIORE: They were FBI.

FELDER: So what?

DET. FIORE: They start sniffing around too much, they're gonna turn something up.

FELDER: Relax. They're just people like us, going through the motions.

DET. FIORE: Oh, yeah? Then how are they connecting Charlie to Barbala?

FELDER: And what do they know? Huh? Nothing.

DET. FIORE: Come on. We're going to Citibank right now.

FELDER: For what?

DET. FIORE: The safety box.

FELDER: And what should we do, Tony? Huh? Make a donation to the Little Sisters for the Poor?

DET. FIORE: Dump it somewhere.

FELDER: Tony. There's only two of us left now. That's over a million each.

DET. FIORE: Take it all, I don't care! Do your dream on the beach in Costa Rica or wherever the hell it is you want to do it.

FELDER: You think I like this? Selling disability insurance to morons? "Well sir, uh, excuse me, but what if you should break your neck on the shore on lose your leg in a car crash?" You listen to me, Tony. We agreed to wait ten years, and that is exactly what we're gonna do.

DET. FIORE: I listened to you once before and look what happened.

FELDER: Nobody - not me, not Barbala - wanted to see Charlie wind up like that. We were just trying to scare a little sense into him. It was an accident. End of story. And you better pull yourself together, Tony.

(That evening, Felder walks along a city street. An old woman comes out of an alley.)

OLD WOMAN: Excuse me, sir.

(He ignores her. He gets onto a bus. Later, the bus comes to another stop and he gets off at the door at the rear of the bus. He throws his scarf over his shoulder. The end of the scarf mysteriously rises and extends back into the bus, wrapping itself around the railing. When the bus door closes, Felder feels the tug around his neck.)

FELDER: Hey, what? Hey! Hey, open the door! Hey!

(The bus starts to pull away. Felder pounds the door and runs along with the bus.)

FELDER: Hey, open the door! Hey! Open the door! Hey! Open the door! Open the door! Hey! Open the door!

(The driver hears him shouting and sees him in his side rearview mirror. He hits the break, but the accelerator mysteriously floors itself. The bus picks up speed and Felder is now running at full speed.)

FELDER: Hey! Hey! Open the door! For God's sake! Help me!

(Felder can't keep up and falls, now being dragged by the bus. The driver still sees him and pumps the brake but the bus doesn't slow down and Felder screams. Finally the accelerator releases and the bus comes to a halt. The driver runs back to Felder. As he approaches, we see that Michelle Bishop is sitting on the bus just behind the door.)




SCENE 7
(Mulder, Scully and Mrs. Bishop are in the precinct house.)

MULDER: A patrol unit picked her up a few blocks away from the bus stop.

MRS. BISHOP: (crying) What's going on?

SCULLY: We don't know. All we know is that your daughter has witnessed two deaths in the past two days.

MRS. BISHOP: She's only eight years old. She couldn't have possibly done anything.

MULDER: Mrs. Bishop, no one is accusing Michelle of anything.

MRS. BISHOP: She's just a little girl.

SCULLY: Is there anything that you haven't told us? Is there anything at all that you can think of that might shed some light on what happened tonight?

MRS. BISHOP: No.

SCULLY: Well, this police station has a designated room at the Sheraton. An officer will take you and Michelle over there.

MRS. BISHOP: Why is this happening to us. Why?

(Scully puts a hand on her shoulder. Detective Lazard approaches and motions Mulder aside.)

MULDER: I'm sorry, excuse me.

(They step a short distance away.)

DET. LAZARD: Listen to this. You know that guy that bought it tonight - Leon Felder? Before he started peddling life insurance, he was a cop out of the one-four. Guess who his partner used to be? Rudy Barbala.

(Mulder and Scully are in a room at the precinct reviewing the case files. Mulder has written on a blackboard. Under "Precinct 27" he has Morris' and Fiore's names. Under "Precinct 14" are Felder's and Barbala's names.)

SCULLY: Four cops.

MULDER: Three of whom are now dead.

(He crosses through the names of Morris, Felder and Barbala and circles Fiore's.)

SCULLY: Their only connection being a drug bust in Chinatown almost nine years ago.

MULDER: And a little girl from Orchard Park.

(He looks at a photo of a half dozen officers surrounding a cache of money from a bust and points out individual officers.)

MULDER: Morris, Fiore, Barbala and Felder. What's wrong with this picture?

SCULLY: Well, for one thing Fiore said he only knew Barbala by reputation.

MULDER: Right. Why would he say that?

SCULLY: I don't know.

(Scully pages through the file, looking puzzled.)

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: There's a page gone from Morris' homicide file. Wonder where it could be?

MULDER: Is there a log sheet?

SCULLY: Should be. Yeah. (she reads from the log sheet on the file folder) Tony Fiore - checked out this afternoon.

(Scully and Mulder are back at Detective Fiore's residence. She knocks and Mrs. Fiore answers.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Fiore, we're sorry for the early hour, but is your husband home?

MRS. FIORE: No, he's not. He never came home last night.

MULDER: May we come in?

(Mulder looks around in the living room. He sees a salt-water aquarium with a "diver" giving off bubbles at the bottom. He also sees a cabinet with a number of origami figures of animals. There is a painting of animals on the wall behind it.)

MULDER: Scully. Look familiar?

(Mrs. Fiore enters with coffee.)

MRS. FIORE: He said he was working a double shift, but when I called the precinct, he wasn't scheduled. It's just not like him not to call.

SCULLY: Does your husband have any family or close friends in the area that he might go to if he were in trouble?

MRS. FIORE: I've been on the phone all night. Is he in any trouble?

SCULLY: Mrs. Fiore, did your husband ever mention a detective by the name of Rudy Barbala or an ex-police officer named Leon Felder?

MRS. FIORE: I don't think so.

MULDER: Someone you might have had dinner with once, a friend of Tony's from work? A name you can't remember, anything?

MRS. FIORE: We don't normally socialize with other cops.

MULDER: Mrs. Fiore, I couldn't help noticing your origami collection. Did you do all these yourself?

MRS. FIORE: Oh, no, not me. No, that was Charlie's hobby.

MULDER: Charlie?

MRS. FIORE: My first husband. He was born in Japan, his father was stationed there.

SCULLY: Not Charlie Morris, Tony's ex-partner?

MRS. FIORE: Yeah. (Mulder and Scully exchange a glance) I was waiting for him to come home too, nine years ago. Just like this. He was working on a whole set, you know, from the painting. The only animal he never got to was the giraffe - see, right there behind the zebra.

(Mulder and Scully leave the Fiore house and walk down the street.)

MULDER: Michelle is eight years old, that means that she was conceived at roughly the same time that Officer Morris was killed.

SCULLY: Do me a favor, Mulder. Let me say it. Reincarnation.

MULDER: Metempsychosis, transmigration, reimbodiment, call it what you will.

SCULLY: All based on the coincidence that Michelle Bishop and Officer Morris both practice the obscure art of paper folding?

MULDER: Well, what about the composite drawing and the dolls and the fact that Michelle was witness to two deaths that can be tied to Charlie Morris?

SCULLY: So what, you think he's back like Peter Proud to avenge his murder?

MULDER: It's not so far-fetched, Scully. Reincarnation is a basic tenet of many major religions.

SCULLY: That still doesn't explain how an eight-year-old girl can kill two grown men.

MULDER: Well, individuals with strong past-life memories often exhibit enhanced psychic abilities - ESP, telekinesis.

SCULLY: So where does that leave us?

MULDER: One short step away from proving the pre-existence of the human soul.

(Michelle Bishop is being hypnotized by a Dr. Spitz. The session is being videotaped, and Dr. Braun is in the room with the two of them. Mulder, Scully and Mrs. Bishop are watching through a window from the next room.)

DR. SPITZ: On a count of five, tell me where you are now ... one ... two ... three ... four ... five. Do you know where you are?

MICHELLE: Yes.

DR. SPITZ: Where? Tell me where you are.

MICHELLE: At home.

DR. SPITZ: What time of day is it?

MICHELLE: Night time.

DR. SPITZ: And how old are you?

MICHELLE: Twenty-four. (she suddenly becomes agitated) No! We can't! We can't do this! It's wrong!

DR. SPITZ: What's wrong? What can't you do? (she doesn't respond but breathes rapidly) It's all right, you can trust me.

MICHELLE: No! I can't! I can't! I can't! I can't! I can't!

(Dr. Braun has come out of the room and angrily confronts Mulder.)

DR. BRAUN: This is dangerous and irresponsible!

MULDER: Dr. Spitz has conducted hundreds of these sessions and ...

DR. BRAUN: (to Mrs. Bishop) If you allow this to continue, you could push Michelle deeper into withdrawal, maybe permanently.

MULDER: Is it any more dangerous than pumping her full of thorazine?

MICHELLE: (from the other room) They're killing me! They're killing me!

(Mrs. Bishop heads for her daughter.)

MRS. BISHOP: That's enough!

MICHELLE: No! No! No!

MRS. BISHOP: (hugging Michelle) It's OK. It's over. It's over. It's over.

(Later, Scully comes out of the office, finding Mulder in the hall.)

SCULLY: They just left.

MULDER: We almost had it, Scully. We were right there.

SCULLY: I know.

MULDER: We'll have to try it again.

SCULLY: Mrs. Bishop won't go for that, not in this lifetime anyway.

MULDER: Well, we have to change her mind.

SCULLY: How? And to what end? I mean, what exactly do you hope to discover by all this?

MULDER: The truth. What really happened to Charlie Morris nine years ago.

SCULLY: We'll find the truth when we find Fiore.

MULDER: If we find Fiore. And if he's still alive. Scully, you saw what happened in there.

SCULLY: What I saw was some traumatized little girl who for no apparent reason has some connection to Charlie Morris.

MULDER: All evidence suggests that Michelle Bishop IS Charlie Morris.

SCULLY: Mulder ...

MULDER: Short of her growing a moustache, how much more apparent does it have to become for you to accept it?

SCULLY: OK. Let's just say that, by some small miracle, you manage to convince Michelle's mother, and the next hypno-regression provides you with everything you could possible hope for. No grand jury is gonna listen to that kind of testimony. We still will not have an actionable case.

(Both are annoyed. Scully walks away.)

(Mulder is writing in his case journal. The video of Michelle's hypnosis session is playing on a monitor.)

MULDER: (voice-over) The inconclusive results of Michelle's past life regression do not shake my basic belief in hypnosis as a tool for psychological healing. Whether or not it offers us definitive proof of previous lifetimes is another matter. However, in this particular case, all other explanations seem to be even more wanting.

(He glances up at the monitor.)

ON VIDEO: And how old are you? Twenty-four. No, we can't! We can't do this! It's wrong! What's wrong? What can't you do?

(Mulder has noticed a burst of static just as Michelle become agitated. He rewinds and looks again.)

ON VIDEO: And how old are you? Twenty-four. No we can't!

(He sees the static again, just before Michelle says "no we can't". He rewinds.)

ON VIDEO: Twenty-four.

(He advances the tape frame-by-frame, isolating the static-filled image.)

(At the Fiore residence, Mrs. Fiore is on the phone.)

MRS. FIORE: (to phone) No, no, I, I, I want to be here. In case he shows up. Thanks again. I'll, uh, I'll call you the minute I hear anything. OK, yeah, OK, bye-bye.

(She hangs up, turns off the light and heads upstairs for the night. As she nears the top, she hears a knock on the door and hurries to it.)

MRS. FIORE: Tony! (she opens the door) Tony? Tony?

(No one is there. She looks down and finds an origami figure of a giraffe on the porch.)




SCENE 8
FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS, BUFFALO, NEW YORK
(Linhart is working in front of a series of video monitors. Scully and Mulder are behind him.)

LINHART: I checked the windup profiles. They're up to speed.

SCULLY: Which means?

LINHART: Whatever this image is, was recorded in the room with that girl.

SCULLY: How is that possible?

MULDER: There was a documented case in the early seventies of a man from Porlock, Ohio, who could influence undeveloped film. He could create shapes on the negative from his mind.

LINHART: I don't know how much of this noise I can clean up. It depends on the strength of the latent image.

(Lazard enters.)

DET. LAZARD: I tracked him down. He's retired in Palm Beach. You were right, Agent Scully. He backed up all his records on disk.

SCULLY: Pathologists are paranoid by nature.

DET. LAZARD: Well, he faxed me the missing page from the autopsy report.

SCULLY: Great. (reads it) Apparently, Charlie Morris did not die as a result of his wounds. Says here there's a frothing of fluid in the respiratory tract. That indicates death by drowning.

MULDER: So you're saying he was drowned first and then mutilated to make it look like a signature execution?

DET. LAZARD: Dr. Yamaguchi said on the phone that there were no signs of submersion such as goose skin or wrinkled flesh except for around the face and head.

SCULLY: Um-hmm. That's right. Suggesting that he was killed in either a bathtub or a toilet. Except ...

MULDER: Except for what?

SCULLY: The marked bradycardia. That indicates a raised plasma sodium level. He was killed in sea water.

(A car screeches to a halt in front of the Fiore residence. Detective Fiore emerges carrying a tote bag. He runs into the house.)

DET. FIORE: Anita! Anita!

MRS. FIORE: (rushing downstairs and hugging him) Tony! Tony! What's going on? Where've you been? I know something's going on.

DET. FIORE: I need you to listen to me right now. I need you to go upstairs and pack a bag.

MRS. FIORE: Why? What kind of trouble are you in?

DET. FIORE: I think someone's trying to kill me.

MRS. FIORE: Who?

DET. FIORE: I don't know.

MRS. FIORE: Why would anybody want to kill you? Tell me what's going on.

DET. FIORE: (angrily) Will you please just do what I'm asking you? (calms down) Please, I'm your husband and I love you and I need you to trust me on this, OK?

(He goes upstairs. Through the window we can see Michelle Bishop on the front porch.)

(Linhart is still working on the image from the video.)

LINHART: Almost there. (Mulder and Scully walk toward him) What I've done is to map the frequencies of the interference. Coefficients for sine on this monitor, cosine on that one. Now using an algorithm program, I can remove the frequencies, like this. Presto! What the hell?

(The image clears up, showing a diver in a pressure suit with helmet. Mulder recognizes it.)

SCULLY: Mulder, what is it?

MULDER: You said salt water, right?

SCULLY: Right. So?

MULDER: So Charlie Morris was drowned in his own tropical fish tank, and that's the last thing he saw before he died. We better hope Michelle Bishop is at home, tucked in bed.

(At the Fiore residence, Detective Fiore is packing some clothes, and we see that the tote bag is full of money. Mrs. Fiore enters the room and he quickly zips up the bag.)

MRS. FIORE: Tony? Tony, somebody, somebody left this on our doorstep tonight. (shows him the origami giraffe) Do you know who? (he doesn't reply) Answer me, Tony!

(The lights go off. Fiore draws his gun.)

DET. FIORE: Right, you stay here and keep the door closed.

(He closes the door. The key in the lock mysteriously turns, locking the door.)

(He comes downstairs slowly, gun raised. As he steps across the living room, an electrical cord unplugs itself from the wall and quickly wraps around his legs, tripping him to the floor. He drops his gun onto the floor in front of him. Mrs. Fiore hears the commotion.)

MRS. FIORE: (from upstairs) Tony, are you all right? Tony, answer me!

(Fiore reaches for the gun, but it slides farther away from him, out of reach. He looks up and sees Michelle standing in front of him.)

(Mulder and Scully pull up in front. They hear a crash from inside the house and run up to the porch. Mulder tries the door but it slams and locks in his face. They hear Mrs. Fiore.)

MRS. FIORE: (from upstairs) Tony! Tony, please! Who's there? What's happening?

(Mulder walks across the porch to the window but the shutters slam closed in his face.)

(Inside, Michelle looks around the room and glass shatters and other items go crashing to the floor.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(Scully has called Mulder to the side of the house, where there is a door to the basement with a glass window. They shield their eyes, and Mulder breaks the glass with his elbow, reaches in and unlocks the door.)

(Back in the living room, Detective Fiore has gotten to his knees in front of Michelle.)

DET. FIORE: (emotionally) They said they were just gonna talk to you. Talk some sense into you. What was I supposed to do, huh? All you had to do was take the money, man! Why didn't you just take the money?

(Michelle looks aside, and a fireplace poker hurtles across the room, catching Fiore a glancing blow. He falls over and moans in pain. Several vases fly across the room and break across his head as well.)

(Mulder and Scully have climbed the stairs from the basement to the main floor.)

MRS. FIORE: (from upstairs) What's going on, Tony? Let me out!

MULDER: (to Scully) Go check out upstairs. (she heads up the stairs)

MRS. FIORE: (from upstairs) Please open the door! I'm scared! Tony!

(More objects are flying off cabinets in the living room as Mulder enters. He sees Michelle with Fiore on the floor.)

MULDER: Michelle! This won't make right what happened.

MRS. FIORE: (from the upstairs bedroom) Please, I can't get out! Who's there? I can't get out!

(Scully unlocks the bedroom door, and they both then run down to the living room. Mrs. Fiore rushes to her husband and sees Michelle. She kneels on the floor behind him.)

MRS. FIORE: Tony! Tony! Tony ...

(Fiore starts to look back at her, then just looks downward at the floor.)

DET. FIORE: (to Mrs. Fiore) I'm sorry! I knew what they did to Charlie. I was a part of it and I never said anything. I couldn't.

MRS. FIORE: No.

DET. FIORE: (now looking back at her) I just wanted to take care of you. Who else would have taken care of you?

(The room is filled with a bluish light and the aquarium shakes. Glass in the room shatters and plaster flies off.)

DET. FIORE: Oh, God. No. No more.

MRS. FIORE: (to Michelle, pleadingly) Please, please don't hurt him any more.

(Michelle looks quickly at the aquarium, and its walls shatter, sending water to the floor. The lights come back on. Scully walks across and picks up Fiore's gun. The diver ornament from the aquarium is on the floor nearby.)

(Some time later, Mulder and Mrs. Bishop walk alongside her pool. Michelle is laughing and playing in the pool with a friend and an instructor. Mrs. Bishop smiles as she watches the scene, and Mulder has traces of a smile as well.)

MULDER: (voice-over) Closing entry, file number X-40271. Detective Anthony Fiore pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court to charges of first-degree murder after the fact, grand larceny and obstruction of justice. The deaths of Detective Rudy Barbala and former police officer Leon Felder are being ruled as accidental, although their complicity in the murder of Officer Charlie Morris has been definitively established. No charges were brought against Michelle Bishop, who today took her first swimming lesson. She claims no memory of the preceding events and both her mother and Dr. Braun have denied my request for a second past-life regression. End of field journal, April 19, 1994.

Agents of record: Fox Mulder and Dana Scully.
Status: Unexplained.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
MAHAN PROPULSION LABORATORY,
WASHINGTON INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, COLSON, WASHINGON
(A janitor, Roland Fuller, is cleaning the floor in a hallway. He swipes his badge through a reader and then enters a code on the keypad, but the door doesn't open. Another man, Dr. Keats, approaches as Roland tries it again, unsuccessfully. Impatiently, the man grabs the badge from Roland.)

DR. KEATS: Here, let me do it. Put your number in, then your card. What's your number, Roland?

ROLAND: 315.

(Keats punches in the code and then swipes the card through the reader. The door opens.)

DR. KEATS: See how easy it is?

(As Keats enters, a jet engine is running in a wind tunnel. Drs. Nollette and Surnow are in front of the controls.)

DR. NOLLETTE: Engine efficiency?

DR. SURNOW: 94%.

(The mach indicator climbs above 13.0.)

DR. NOLLETTE: We need more. How's the backpressure holding?

DR. SURNOW: What do you think? It's climbing.

DR. NOLLETTE: Increase the blade inclination. I said, increase the blade inclination!

DR. SURNOW: The inclination of the blade is pi over 9. We've reached maximum velocity.

(Surnow reaches for a switch on the controls but Nollette grabs his hand.)

DR. NOLLETTE: No. Let it go! It will work!

DR. SURNOW: The engine's going to destroy itself! I'm not going to do that!

(Surnow hits a key on the keyboard. The engine starts to wind down.)

DR. NOLLETTE: It's not going to destroy itself. Come on, we're almost there!

DR. SURNOW: There's something wrong with our equation.

(The engine continues to wind down as Keats approaches from behind.)

DR. KEATS: What happened?

DR. NOLLETTE: Nothing. Because Surnow pulled the plug.

DR. SURNOW: I'm just protecting the baby ... and four years of work, Frank!

DR. NOLLETTE: Four years of work that's going to add up to zilch, because unless we show some progress, they're going to pull the plug on us, Ron.

(Nollette leaves.)

DR. KEATS: He's right, you know. We should have continued with the test.

DR. SURNOW: Somebody's going to crack Mach 15, and I want that someone to be us. I'm not going to jeopardize everything just because you two guys can't wait to see your name in print!

DR. KEATS: It's the print that gets the money, Ron.

DR. SURNOW: If you want to go down in flames together, fine. You go ahead. I'm gonna do the math.

(Keats leaves.)

ROLAND: Good night, Dr. Keats.

(Surnow is writing an equation on a whiteboard while Roland cleans the floor. Surnow then hits a key and the door to the wind tunnel opens. He steps in and opens an interior panel to get at the controls. Roland goes to the keyboard and hits a key. The door to the wind tunnel closes with Surnow still inside.)

DR. SURNOW: What the hell?

(He looks through a window and sees Roland at the keyboard.)

DR. SURNOW: Roland, open the door. Open the door. Roland, I want you to listen to me very carefully. We have to open this door, Roland. Stop typing, Roland!

(Roland has continued typing at the keyboard, and the inlet vanes for the wind tunnel open. Then the engine starts and the wind velocity begins to climb.)

DR. SURNOW: Roland, open the door! What are you doing? Open the door!

(The mach indicator approaches 1.0, and Surnow's clipboard is carried into the engine by the wind.)

DR. SURNOW: Roland! Are you listening?

(Roland stops typing and moves to the whiteboard, as Surnow struggles against the wind to the inlet end of the tunnel. Roland erases the equation that Surnow had written. Surnow hooks his fingers on the metal grating at the end of the tunnel as the wind lifts his feet. Surnow screams as the mach indicator passes 3.0. Roland starts writing his own equation on the whiteboard. The mach indicator passes 4.0, and Surnow is now horizontal, hanging onto the screen and screaming. Roland finishes writing the equation, and the mach indicator approaches 7.0. As Roland walks back to the keyboard, through the window Surnow is seen flying down the tunnel toward the jet engine. There is a squishing noise. Roland resumes cleaning the floor.)





SCENE 2
(Mulder and Scully walk down the hallway leading to the wind tunnel control room.)

MULDER: How was the wedding?

SCULLY: You mean the part where the groom passed out or the dog bit the drummer?

MULDER: Did you catch the bouquet?

SCULLY: May-be. (looking at a folder in Mulder's hand) So is that what you couldn't talk to me about over the phone?

MULDER: (handing her the folder) The project that everyone says doesn't exist, does exist.

SCULLY: (reading the label on it) The Icarus project?

MULDER: The next generation in jet engine design, capable of doubling current supersonic speeds using half the fuel. At least in theory.

SCULLY: And Ronald Surnow was an aeronautical scientist who worked on it here at the university.

MULDER: Yes.

SCULLY: How close are they?

MULDER: I'm not sure, but Surnow is the second scientist on the team to die in the last six months.

SCULLY: OK, but how is this an X-file? Mulder, you don't think this has anything to do with UFO technology?

MULDER: There's something unexplainable here, Scully, but it's certainly not unidentifiable.

(They enter the control room.)

MULDER: (to a man inside the door) Keats?

MAN: (pointing at Keats) There.

MULDER: Dr. Keats? We're with the FBI. I'm Agent Mulder, this is Agent Scully. (Mulder flashes his badge and they shake hands) We understand you discovered Dr. Surnow this morning.

DR. KEATS: What was left of him.

(They walk into the wind tunnel, where several other scientists, including Nollette, are inspecting the engine.)

SCULLY: How do you suppose he became trapped in the wind tunnel?

DR. KEATS: Someone must have shut him in. The door can only be opened or locked from in there.

SCULLY: By computer?

DR. KEATS: We've already been through this with the police. How many times do we have to rehash it?

SCULLY: Another member of your team died a short time ago. Isn't that correct?

DR. NOLLETTE: (walking over to them) Yes. Arthur Grable. He was killed in an automobile accident in November. I'm Frank Nollette. I'm also on the project.

(He shakes hands with Mulder and Scully.)

SCULLY: Are you certain it was an accident?

DR. KEATS: What are you driving at?

(Mulder exits the wind tunnel.)

SCULLY: Your work seems to be a perfect target for industrial espionage.

(Keats and Nollette exchange glances. Mulder is in the control room, looking at the whiteboard, which has several equations written on it.)

MULDER: (pointing at the bottom line) Who wrote this?

(The other three join Mulder in the control room.)

DR. NOLLETTE: Ron was working on it when I left.

MULDER: You see, the handwriting here doesn't seem to match any of the other handwriting on the board.

DR. KEATS: It isn't mine.

MULDER: (checking the folder) What about Roland Fuller?

DR. NOLLETTE: Uh, Roland's the, uh, janitor.

MULDER: Well, according to the police report, he was the only other person here last night.

DR. KEATS: Roland didn't do that.

SCULLY: How do you know?

DR. KEATS: Let's just say Roland isn't exactly a rocket scientist.




SCENE 3
HERITAGE HALFWAY HOUSE, COLSON, WASHINGTON
(Roland is licking and applying adhesive stars to a poster that has "Tracy" written on it. He pushes it across the table to Tracy.)

ROLAND: Here.

TRACY: "Tracy."

ROLAND: With stars.

MRS. STODIE: (walking in with Mulder and Scully) Roland? There are some people here would like to talk with you.

ROLAND: Uh-oh. I went off the paper. Sorry.

MRS. STODIE: That's all right, Roland. Tracy, would you like to come help me in the TV room?

TRACY: OK.

(Mrs. Stodie and Tracy exit.)

MULDER: Hi, Roland. Do you mind if we sit down?

ROLAND: OK.

MULDER: Thanks. You mind if we ask you a couple of questions? Do you remember working last night?

ROLAND: Uh-huh.

SCULLY: Do you remember seeing anything unusual? Seeing any strangers? (Roland shakes his head.) Did, um, did Dr. Surnow or Dr. Keats or Dr. Nollette do anything unusual?

ROLAND: Nope.

SCULLY: You must like stars.

ROLAND: One hundred and forty-seven.

SCULLY: Sorry?

ROLAND: (pointing at Scully's blouse) Stars.

(Scully looks down at her blouse, which has stars on it.)

MULDER: You like numbers, too.

(Roland has a sudden vision in which Dr. Keats' head is frozen. He reacts violently, pushing the container of stars off the table. He runs around and starts to gather them. Scully comes around to help.)

SCULLY: Roland, let me help you.

ROLAND: (as he picks up the stars) One, two, three, four, five ...

(Mulder looks down at a piece of paper that Roland was working on. It has the number 15626 written on it in several places.)

ROLAND: ... six ...

MRS. STODIE: (entering the room) Roland.

ROLAND: ... seven ...

MRS. STODIE: Is everything ok?

ROLAND: ... eight, nine ...

(Mulder folds and pockets the piece of paper.)

MRS. STODIE: Roland, are you all right?

ROLAND: ... ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen ...

MRS. STODIE: What happened?

ROLAND: ... fourteen ...

MRS. STODIE: What did you say to upset him so?

ROLAND: ... fifteen, sixteen, seventeen ...




SCENE 4
FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS, SEATTLE, WASHINGTON
(Mulder and Scully are consulting with a handwriting analyst, who has the whiteboard writing displayed on the wall with an overhead projector.)

ANALYST: It's definitely the work of a fourth and distinct individual. Dr. Surnow's, Dr. Keats', and Dr. Nollette's cursive standards don't match what you found on the whiteboard.

MULDER: Would you do me a favor and try this?

(He hands the analyst the paper that he took from Roland.)

SCULLY: What is it?

MULDER: It's something Roland was doodling at the home.

SCULLY: You don't really think that Roland ...

MULDER: Besides Nollette and Keats, he's the only person we can prove was in the lab that night.

SCULLY: Yes, but we're talking about a sophisticated fluid dynamics equation. Roland Fuller barely has an IQ of 70.

MULDER: Well, you saw his facility with mathematics. Don't some autistic individuals display unusual abilities?

SCULLY: Yes, but even savants behave only as human calculators. I mean, they can perform certain functions but they can't tell you the value of anything or even the meaning of a number.

ANALYST: I hate to take sides, guys, but the bottom line is no. The terminal stroke on the 6, the roof on the 5 - I'm sorry. He didn't write it.

(Roland is tossing and turning in his sleep. He sees a fleeting vision of Dr. Keats struggling with someone. He awakens.)




SCENE 5
MAHAN PROPULSON LABORATORY, BUILDING 214
(Keats is working in the laboratory. He is listening to music through headphones as he sits at a terminal. The door to the lab opens and Roland enters. He sneaks up on Keats from behind and smashes his coffee cup over his head. He then drags the unconscious Keats over to a large container of liquid nitrogen and takes off the lid.

Wearing cryogenic gloves, he grabs Keats and tries to put his head down into the liquid nitrogen. Keats revives and struggles, but Roland grabs his hair and forces his head down into it. Seconds later, he lifts his frozen head out of the container and throws his body to the side. There is a shattering noise. As Roland walks away, there are pieces of Keats' head on the floor. Roland steps on what looks like an ear. There is the sound of typing on a keyboard.)




SCENE 6
(Scully and Mulder are at the scene of Keats' murder. On the floor is the usual outline of the body, except there is no head. There are a couple dozen "X" marks around the body as well as the outlines of several larger pieces. A policeman, detective and police photographer are also there.)

SCULLY: An organic object exposed to liquid nitrogen at minus 320 degrees will become frozen, exhibiting great tensile strength, but is vulnerable to stress from compression or impact. Now, I've seen this demonstrated on a fish before ...

MULDER: I don't think they'll be performing this experiment on Beakman's World. (he walks over to the detective and points at the computer) Has this been dusted?

DETECTIVE: Treat yourself.

(Mulder sits at the terminal and pulls up a file directory. The directory shows the last two entries are KMAN.DOC and ARTHUR.DOC. Below is a password prompt.)

MULDER: Hey, Scully! Look at these files. KMAN, must be Keats. His file was turned off at 12:31 last night.

SCULLY: But look, someone else entered a file under the name Arthur after 12:31.

MULDER: And worked on it for nearly 5 hours.

SCULLY: Well, it couldn't have been Keats. Judging from the rigor of the body, he was dead around 12:30.

MULDER: So you're saying someone came in here, killed Keats, and then just did some work on an old Dr. Arthur Grable file?

(Scully tries to look at the file but gets an "access denied" message.)

SCULLY: Well, I can't access the ARTHUR file. We're gonna need the password.

MULDER: Try 15626.

(Scully looks puzzled but tries it. A graph of turbine entry temperature appears on the screen.)

SCULLY: How did you know that that ...

MULDER: This is Arthur Grable's work on the same fluid dynamics equation the others were working on. (he pages through other graphs) Look at all those entries. Someone has been continuing his work in the six months since he died.

SCULLY: How did you know what the password was?

(He shows her Roland's page of doodling that has 15626 written on it.)

(Roland is dreaming.)

[A small child stands on a porch in front of a woman who says "Wave bye. Wave goodbye." Another child, a twin of the first, is crying as a woman puts him into the back seat of a car. The woman's voice continues to say "Wave goodbye."]

(Roland awakens. He is in bed but wearing his work clothes. Mrs. Stodie enters.)

MRS. STODIE: Roland? Why did you sleep in your clothes last night? Well, let's get you dressed. You have visitors.

(Mulder and Scully walk in behind her.)

ROLAND: (to Mrs. Stodie) I'm not supposed to talk to them.

MRS. STODIE: Who told you that? Remember that talk we had about being shy. These are nice people, Roland.

(Mulder has ducked into Roland's closet.)

MULDER: Hey, Roland, you've got more shirts than I do. (holds up a navy blue shirt with white patterns on it) I think this one would look stylin' today. What do you think?

ROLAND: The green one.

MULDER: The green one?

ROLAND: Please.

SCULLY: Mrs. Stodie, can I talk to you a second? See you later, Roland.

(Scully and Mrs. Stodie leave the room.)

MULDER: (pulls out the green shirt) This one? Here you go. So you like your job at the college, Roland?

ROLAND: (putting on the shirt) Yes.

MULDER: I hear you're very good at it. You remember how you got your job?

ROLAND: A man talked to Mrs. Stodie.

MULDER: What man?

ROLAND: Dr. Grable.

MULDER: Was Dr. Grable nice to you?

ROLAND: Yes.

MULDER: When was the last time you spoke to him? Last week, the day before?

ROLAND: Dr. Grable died.

MULDER: I'm sorry.

ROLAND: Yeah. People die. They go away ... and they're not supposed to come back.

(Scully and Mrs. Stodie talk in another room. Lisa is cleaning the floor nearby.)

SCULLY: Has Roland ever mentioned the name Arthur?

MRS. STODIE: That was Dr. Grable's first name. But we only called him Dr. Grable. I doubt Roland even knew his first name was Arthur.

(Lisa has stopped cleaning and is eavesdropping.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Stodie, can I get a copy of Roland's file and past history?

MRS. STODIE: Our patients' histories are confidential.

SCULLY: I understand, but I have grounds to obtain them, and the less time we have to spend in court, the more time we have to help Roland.

(Mulder and Scully are sitting at a table in a library.)

MULDER: Roland Fuller was hired by Arthur Grable. He went to the halfway house specifically to find a mentally challenged person.

SCULLY: Are you suggesting that Arthur Grable hired Roland in order to use him? (Mulder arches his eyebrows) And are you suggesting that Arthur Grable is not dead?

MULDER: Well, if he had intentions of killing Nollette, Keats and Surnow, why not set it up to appear the least likely suspect?

SCULLY: Yeah, but by the look of this, (she holds up a photo of Grable's accident scene) he's hamburger.

MULDER: Maybe he staged it. That would explain why his work is continuing on, six months after his "death".

SCULLY: (reading from Grable's file) This obituary says that Arthur Grable was born in Seattle. His father was a big banker, his mother was active in a number of charities. Only child. Summa cum laude in physics. Doctoral and post-doctoral in aeronautical engineering at Harvey Mudd. Brilliant future, tragically cut short.

MULDER: (reading from Roland's file) Roland's also from Seattle. He spent most of his life at the Heritage Halfway House. The identity of his parents has been sealed by the courts. There's very little information on Roland before the age of three. That's when he was put in the Heritage program.

SCULLY: Does it say when he was born?

MULDER: (flipping through some pages) July 15, 1952.

SCULLY: (also flipping through pages) That's also Arthur's birthdate.

(Tracy and Roland are at the halfway house, drawing. Roland is drawing an airplane.)

ROLAND: Don't you wish you could fly?

TRACY: I can ... when I dream. (walks over to him) People can do anything in a dream, you know. Once, one time I had a dream we were married and lived in a house. Do you have dreams, Roland?

(He looks agitated. Tracy kneels next to him.)

TRACY: You can tell me. Roland? Who's Arthur?

(Roland turns to her suddenly. He has a vision of pushing Tracy to the floor and choking her. He screams, pushes her aside and runs out of the room.)

TRACY: (crying) I'm sorry, Roland. I'm sorry!

(Roland has run upstairs and locked himself in the bathroom. He sits on the floor.)

TRACY: (knocking on the door) Roland! Roland.

ROLAND: (shouting) Go away!

(He has another vision of him choking Tracy.)

TRACY: Roland, what's the matter?

ROLAND: Go away! I don't want to hurt you. Go away! (Tracy is crying at the door) Go away.




SCENE 7
(Mulder and Scully are with Nollette in his office. Mulder points at a photo showing some "hippie" students in an office. There is a Volkswagen behind them.)

MULDER: Is that you?

DR. NOLLETTE: Yes.

MULDER: Cool 'do. What's the story here?

DR. NOLLETTE: (sighs) Um, a quantum physics professor of mine at Harvey Mudd flunked me. He challenged the tenets of one of my theories - a theory I later published in 'Nature'. Anyway, uh, to get back him, (laughs) one afternoon we decided to take his car apart and put it back together again in his office and left it running.

MULDER: (to Scully) Hmmm, an egghead classic.

DR. NOLLETTE: It was Arthur Grable's idea.

SCULLY: Is that Arthur Grable there, sitting on the chair?

(She's referring to a bearded man sitting in the foreground.)

DR. NOLLETTE: Yeah.

SCULLY: Was he a practical joker?

DR. NOLLETTE: On top of all his brilliance, he had a genius for executing elaborate schemes.

MULDER: Could he be making it seem like a man with a 70 IQ is gaining access to and, uh, operating his old computer files?

DR. NOLLETTE: Arthur would still have to be alive.

SCULLY: Could he have faked his own death?

DR. NOLLETTE: No.

MULDER: The police report on the auto accident that killed Arthur Grable is woefully incomplete. The dry road surface, no mechanical problems found. The body was never admitted to the county morgue and there was no funeral.

DR. NOLLETTE: (standing) If, uh, you are trying to suggest that Arthur Grable killed Surnow and Keats and is after me next, you're way off. Art could not have done the murders.

SCULLY: How can you be so certain?




SCENE 8
AVALON FOUNDATION,
WASHINGTON INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, COLSON, WASHINGTON
(Mulder and Scully are talking to a Dr. Barrington. They are looking at a stainless steel tank, numbered '18', that has a temperature indicator on it that reads -320F.)

BARRINGTON: This is Arthur Grable. Uh, because of the massive internal damage to his body caused by the car accident, we could only preserve the head.

SCULLY: Wouldn't your client find it somewhat inconvenient to be thawed out in the future, only to discover he had no functional mobility?

BARRINGTON: We believe that by the time science figures a way to revive our clients ...

MULDER: ... you'll also know how to clone new bodies for them.

BARRINGTON: Exactly. This technology is progressing faster than anyone thought possible. Ask anyone here at the university. So, while for us the passing of each second brings our bodies closer to death, for our clients it brings them closer to life.

(Mulder notices that the temperature indicator is fluctuating between -319 and -320.)

MULDER: These fluctuations in temperature - do they happen often?

BARRINGTON: No, we've had some problems with Dr. Grable's capsule, and the technicians have checked it for possible malfunctions but they found nothing.

MULDER: Is it possible the brain is causing the fluctuation?

BARRINGTON: No, but we are looking for the explanation. The patient's in no danger. He remains perfectly preserved as long as there's liquid nitrogen in the capsule.

SCULLY: May we take a look at Arthur Grable's records? (he hands her a file) Thank you. Dr. Barrington, in your conception of future medical science, what requirements will exist to be an organ or tissue donor?

BARRINGTON: Same requirements as there are today, compatible genetic make-up. It's best if the donor's related.

(The temperature indicator fluctuates again and beeps. Barrington walks over to investigate. Scully calls Mulder over to her.)

SCULLY: Mulder? Arthur Grable put down only one donor.

(The form lists Roland Fuller.)

MULDER: Roland Fuller and Arthur Grable had the same birthday. I think they're twins.

(Mulder and Scully are working with a technician in front of a computer. They are altering a photo of Arthur Grable.)

TECHNICIAN: Older or younger?

MULDER: Same age, just less hairy and with better eyesight.

TECHNICIAN: Gotcha. And the moustache?

SCULLY: No, lose the whole beard.

(As the technician types, Arthur Grable's glasses disappear as well as his beard and moustache.)

TECHNICIAN: Next?

MULDER: Close cropped hair, with a slightly receding widow's peak. Lose the glasses.

(The face on the screen looks exactly like Roland.)

SCULLY: That's Roland.

MULDER: Give or take a few pounds.

(Mulder is talking to Roland at the halfway house.)

ROLAND: Tell me about your dreams, Roland. (he doesn't respond) It's all right, I won't tell anybody. (still no response) You know, I had a dream last night. I dreamt I was, uh, swimming in this pool. And I could see my father underwater, but when I dove down, the water stung my eyes. Then there was another man at the pool, watching me. He upset me. He was asking me questions I didn't want to answer. And I had to leave. I couldn't find my father.

ROLAND: I can't tell you my dreams.

MULDER: Why not?

ROLAND: Bad.

MULDER: (putting his hand on Roland's shoulder) Your dreams are bad, Roland. Not you. You're a good person.

ROLAND: I hit Tracy.

(Nearby, Tracy looks over at Roland.)

MULDER: Your dreams make you hit Tracy?

(He nods. Mulder sees a remote control spaceship toy on the shelf. He picks it up.)

MULDER: You know how to work this toy, Roland?

ROLAND: Yeah.

(Mulder puts the toy on the floor and gives the remote control to Roland. He operates the control and the ship scoots across the floor.)

MULDER: Now, you see the way you work that toy is like what's happening to you. You're the spaceship, Roland, and your dreams are the controls.

ROLAND: But who ... who runs the controls?

MULDER: (showing him a photo of Arthur Grable) Have you seen this man recently?

(Roland looks at the photo and reacts strongly. He sees visions of two small boys, twins, running out on a porch. One, crying, is loaded into a car, while the other stays on the porch. A voice says "wave bye-bye to Roland." He then sees the coffee cup being broken over Keats' head, Surnow flying toward the jet engine, Keats' frozen head and Tracy being choked. Roland screams and thrashes about in his chair.)

MULDER: (trying to calm him) Roland! Roland! Roland, stop!

(He runs out of the room, screaming. Tracy follows him.)

TRACY: Roland!

(Scully and Mrs. Stodie have heard the commotion and come out to see Tracy following Roland up the stairs. Roland locks himself in the bathroom again.)

TRACY: Roland! Roland!

MULDER: (heading upstairs with Scully and Mrs. Stodie) We need to arrange to keep Roland under observation.

TRACY: (at the bathroom door) Roland! Roland!

(Roland sees a vision of the bathroom window broken. Moments later, there is a crashing sound.)

MULDER: He's trying to get away.

TRACY: Roland! Roland!

(Mulder runs downstairs and out the door, looking for Roland.)

MULDER: Roland! Roland! Roland! Roland! Roland!

(He doesn't find him. Upstairs, Scully looks out the broken window.)




SCENE 9
MAHAN PROPULSION LABORATORY
(It is late evening. Mulder and Scully are in a hallway. He has just gotten off the phone.)

MULDER: Nollette's gone. We should arrange a security guard to find him.

SCULLY: Mulder, no one's gonna provide you with anything once you explain your theory on how Roland Fuller is capable of these murders.

MULDER: You've got a brother, don't you Scully?

SCULLY: Yeah. I've got an older one and a younger one.

MULDER: Well, have you ever thought about calling one of them all day long and then all of a sudden the phone rings and it's one of them calling you?

SCULLY: Does this pitch somehow end with a way for me to lower my long distance charges?

MULDER: I believe in psychic connections, and evidence suggests that it's stronger between family members, strongest of all between twin siblings that shared the same womb.

SCULLY: OK, maybe. But in this case, one sibling has closer ties to a frozen fudgesicle than he does to his own brother.

MULDER: Arthur Grable is not dead. He's in a state of consciousness that no human has ever returned from. And what if that state allows one to develop psychic ability to a potential that the conscious mind is too preoccupied to explore or believe in? He could use that ability to control his brother to kill those scientists.

SCULLY: But why? He's been working with these colleagues for years.

MULDER: Well, that's a question that only Dr. Nollette can answer.

SCULLY: OK. Let's go. I have to call my brother.

(As they walk away, Nollette is watching them on a security TV monitor. He has heard their conversation. The monitor shows them walking down the hall.)

MULDER: We've got to find Nollette.

SCULLY: Let's talk to campus security.

MULDER: We go this way? (pointing straight ahead)

SCULLY: No, we go left.

(Mulder follows Scully.)

(Later, Nollette is at the Avalon Foundation.)

DR. NOLLETTE: Well, wherever you are, Arthur, I'm sure you'll appreciate this.

(Nollette wraps aluminum foil over a badge and swipes it through a reader. The door opens and he walks to Arthur Grable's tank. Using a pen, he punches buttons on the control panel. The temperature display begins to rise, up to -312 as Nollette leaves.)

(Back at the Mahan Propulsion Laboratory, Roland is writing, with both hands, on either side of a notebook. The temperature in Grable's tank reaches -307 and Roland reacts, looking slightly ill. He continues to write equations in the notebook.)




SCENE 10
FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS, SEATTLE, WASHINGTON
(Scully and Mulder are reviewing the case. Scully reads from a file.)

SCULLY: Arthur and Roland Grable, born at Puget Presbyterian to Mr. and Mrs. Louis Grable on July 15, 1952. Arthur was four minutes older than Roland.

(She puts the file in front of him.)

MULDER: Identical twins.

SCULLY: Which means that they're the result of a single egg fertilized by a single sperm.

MULDER: I've read studies which suggest that in some cases the identical twin arises very early in the embryonic stage when a mutation in one cell is rejected by the other cells as foreign.

SCULLY: So that maybe Roland's condition is the result of a damaged chromosome rejected by one of Arthur's cells?

MULDER: In a way, that would explain Arthur's genius and Roland's strange mathematical gift.

SCULLY: In a way. (the phone rings) (to phone) Agent Scully.

BARRINGTON: (on phone) This is Larry Barrington at the Avalon Foundation. We've, uh, got a situation here.

(Barrington is talking on a cell phone. He is near Arthur Grable's tank, which now reads -168.

SCULLY: Uh-huh.

BARRINGTON: Last night we had a break-in at the facility. That's right. Yeah, it's Arthur Grable's storage unit. His internal thermostat's been compromised.

SCULLY: Was there any tissue damage?

BARRINGTON: We're trying to assess that now. The temperature's still rising. Something's blocking our access to the cooling program.

SCULLY: (hangs up) (to Mulder) Someone tampered with Arthur Grable's capsule. They're attempting to stabilize it now.

MULDER: Nollette?

(At the laboratory, Roland is operating the wind tunnel, typing rapidly on the keyboard. Roland is sweating. The temperature on Arthur Grable's tank continues to rise. The mach indicator hovers at 13.8 as Roland looks ill. He types some more on the keyboard and groans.)

ROLAND: What? What is it?

(He concentrates, and the temperature on Arthur Grable's tank goes from -158 to -161. He types again and the engine speeds up and the mach reading rises, to a high of 15.13. A bell sounds, and Nollette appears behind Roland.)

DR. NOLLETTE: "If I've seen further than other men, it's because I have stood on the shoulders of giants."

ROLAND: No. This isn't yours!

DR. NOLLETTE: It's amazing. There's this body, sitting there in front of me, talking. But you're controlling it, Arthur.

ROLAND: You ... took my work!

DR. NOLLETTE: What good was your work going to do you? You died before you could finish it, before you could publish it.

ROLAND: It was mine!

DR. NOLLETTE: And a brilliant piece of work, too. When I saw the writing on the whiteboard, I knew someone had found the key. Mach 15 was within our reach. Our futures were guaranteed. Ironic, isn't it? You did all the work, and I get all the glory.

ROLAND: (screaming) No!

(Nollette produces a gun from his pocket.)

DR. NOLLETTE: Yes. Yes, Arthur. I was here, working on the intake problem, moments away from a solution when you attacked me. (he backs Roland away and sits at the controls) Fortunately, I was carrying a gun. After the murder of my colleagues, who could blame me?

(Roland sees a vision of Nollette flying toward the jet engine.)

ROLAND: No!

(Nollette is looking at Roland's work on the computer screen and typing.)

DR. NOLLETTE: That's, that's interesting. (laughs) I've got it. That's it. I've got it.

(Roland picks up a nearby keyboard and hits Nollette with it, knocking him to the floor.)

(Mulder and Scully arrive outside the laboratory. They pound on the door and flash their badges, and a guard lets them in.)

(The wind tunnel door closes with Nollette inside. At the controls, Roland struggles, then types. Nollette revives in the wind tunnel just as the engine starts. He goes to the window and pounds on it, looking at Roland.)

DR. NOLLETTE: Arthur! Arthur, open the door! Arthur!

(Mulder and Scully are running through the halls. Nollette moves back toward the tunnel inlet as the Mach indicator reaches 1.0. Scully swipes a badge through the door and they enter as Nollette grabs the metal grating in the tunnel. Mulder goes to the controls but doesn't know how to operate them. The wind speed is over mach 3.0, and Nollette is now hanging horizontally to the grate.)

MULDER: (to Roland) Arthur, how do you stop this? Tell me how! Arthur!

(Scully moves between Roland and Mulder.)

SCULLY: (to Mulder) Wait. (to Roland) Roland, we need you to help us. Please, we need you to help us to stop the machine.

(Roland is having flashbacks to the separation of the twins. A woman is saying "Bye-bye, Roland. Arthur, say goodbye to your brother.")

SCULLY: Try to remember how. Roland, you've got to help him or he's going to die.

(The tunnel is at mach 4.0. Nollette is barely hanging on. Roland has a flashback of the car carrying him away while the woman's voice says "Wave good-bye, Arthur." As the tunnel reaches mach 7.0, Roland goes to the keyboard but seems uncertain.)

MULDER: Come on, Roland.

ROLAND: I can't remember.

(He finally enters a command and the engine starts to slow just as Nollette loses his grip. He flies down the tunnel but lands several feet in front of the engine. Scully puts her hand on Roland's shoulder and gives him a reassuring nod.)

(The temperature of Arthur Grable's tank reaches -150 and an alarm goes off.)

(A Colson police car is in front of the halfway house.)

SCULLY: He'll be held in psychiatric custody for evaluation.

MRS. STODIE: Is he being charged with a crime?

SCULLY: The D.A. hasn't made that determination yet.

MULDER: But we've recommended that he be remanded to your custody as soon as the court deems it appropriate.

MRS. STODIE: How could this happen? Roland never exhibited any violent tendencies.

MULDER: It's my belief that he wasn't acting under his own volition.

(Scully gives Mulder a stare.)

MRS. STODIE: What do you mean?

(Mulder opens a notebook and shows it to her.)

MULDER: This is the work of Arthur Grable, Roland's brother. It's a new theory of jet propulsion, unfinished at the time of his death. In the last two weeks, Roland has completed the calculations.

MRS. STODIE: How?

(Mulder is about to answer but Scully interrupts.)

SCULLY: We're not sure, Mrs. Stodie. All we know is that Roland was somehow able to finish his brother's research.

(Roland is folding a shirt and putting it into a suitcase. Tracy enters the room.)

TRACY: Roland? Where are you going? Roland, don't go.

ROLAND: I have to.

TRACY: OK. Fine.

(Hurt, she walks toward the door. Roland calls her back.)

ROLAND: Tracy. Wait.

(He picks up his jar of stars and hands it to her.)

ROLAND: Keep my stars.

(She starts to cry as he walks past her.)

TRACY: I love you.

ROLAND: Me too.

(He passes Mulder and Scully in the hall, giving them a gesture of good-bye. He stops in front of a mirror to bursh his hair and stares into the mirror before walking away.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
SHIPWORKS; ARLIS, MARYLAND
(A car speeds down a small hill in the road, followed by a police car with sirens blaring. The car goes up a short hill and catches a few feet of air before hitting the ground. The police car does the same. The car does a sharp left turn as it passes a train. The train honks its horn as the police car follows pattern. The man in the car looks in his rear-view mirror.)

WOMAN ON APB WIRE: About your request for assistance, Fifty, what is your present location? Unit Fifty, go ahead.

(The man in the passenger's side talks into the transmitter. The cars race through a gate into a shipworks.)

OFFICER #1: Suspect is now westbound. Has entered the shade of the shipworks off April Street. Unit Fifty still in pursuit, over.

WOMAN ON APB WIRE: A roger, Unit Fifty, I copy. Be advised when you are...

(A truck backs up and the man swerves around it. The officer looks to his partner, a heavy-set man, who slams on the brakes and swerves to a halt. They drive around the truck. The man drives into a pier area with a dead end. He smashes into some boxes, seeing the police behind him. The skinnier officer gets on the bullhorn.)

OFFICER #1: This is the police! Pull your vehicle over and step out! Stop your vehicle. Put your hands on the roof and freeze!

(He turns around and sees the car coming towards him. He gets out. Nearly stumbling over a box, he runs to the fence behind him and jumps up. The heavier officer hits him in the back of the knee with the nightstick, sending him falling.)

Hold it!

(The suspect tries to get up but is met with more nightstick shots to the back.)

OFFICER #2: Get down there!

OFFICER #1: On the ground! Do it!

(The fatter one continues to prod him with it.)

OFFICER #2: Did you hear me?

OFFICER #1: Face down! Do it!

OFFICER #2: Stay there! Get down!

(A second police car pulls up. The suspect shrugs off the last shot to the head and grabs the first officer's nightstick. He swings it into his kneecap, nearly shattering it. The officer goes down in pain. A third officer gets out as the man drives the nightstick into the fat officer's gut, then smashes him in the face with it. The cop flies back into some boxes. The third officer runs to their aid, only to be greeted with a blow to the chest. A fourth officer, a young man, gets out and aims his taser at the man, who looks on his shock. The two conductors fly out and hit the man on his chest. He simply looks at them and pulls them out, then runs up a flight of stairs for boats. Two more cars pull up.)

OFFICER #4: Stop! Armed officer!

(The fourth officer takes out his gun and shoots the man in the side. He flinches. The officer shoots at him again as the man jumps off the stairs and into the water an incredible distance. The fourth officer and another one run up and look at the rippling water.)

I hit him. I know I hit him. Where the hell did he go? He'd be bleeding bad.

(The fourth officer notices some strange green spots on the last step. They look at each other, confused.)





SCENE 2
SUNDAY, MAY 8, 1994
(Mulder is asleep on his couch. The TV is playing. Two scientists are talking in the show.)

MAN #1: ...off the coast of Italy.

MAN #2: But, but theirs is a very light larvae.

MAN #1: That's exactly what stumped me. Because inside there must be something, the weight of the heaviest rock in existence.

MAN #2: But, professor, that... that would be Icelandic peridotite.

MAN #1: Precisely.

MAN #2: There's a piece chipped off.

MAN #1: By me.

MAN #2: Well, what, what's the rock inside?

MAN #1: Icelandic peridotite, naturally.

(The phone rings. Mulder wakes up.)

When I saw this, I stopped chipping.

MAN #2: In a rock from Iceland?

(Mulder picks up the phone.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Deep Throat, at an unknown dark location.)

DEEP THROAT: Are you watching channel eight?

(Deep Throat hangs up. Mulder hangs up the phone and sits up.)

MAN #2: ...across the world.

MAN #1: What's your conclusion?

MAN #2: Science does not jump to conclusions. Science is not a guessing game...

(Mulder changes the channel to channel eight, where the news is on. They are at the pier where the man jumped in.)

FEMALE REPORTER: ...Shipworks, where a sixty-mile high speed car chase ended early this evening. The suspect eluded capture by leaping into the harbor but not before reportedly injuring several Ardis officers.

(Mulder takes a video tape and puts into the VCR, then presses record.)

We have Captain Roy Lacerio standing by. Captain? How was the man able to escape and how seriously injured were the officers involved?

LACERIO: Those details are still unclear, I'll be talking with several of the off...

(A man comes over.)

MAN: We need you, Captain.

LACERIO: I'm sorry, you'll have to excuse me.

FEMALE REPORTER: Captain Roy Lacerio here being pulled away during an intense manhunt.

(Lacerio walks past a number of people, a few of which are not police officers and are wearing trenchcoats. Mulder rewinds the tape.)

Captain Roy Lacerio here being pulled away during an intense...




SCENE 3
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(He pauses the tape.)

SCULLY: Mulder, you've been through this tape a hundred times. What exactly are you hoping to find?

MULDER: I don't know.

(He presses a button on a machine and a picture prints out of the current shot. It is of the various men in trenchcoats as Lacerio walks by. He looks at the picture. A man in the front is very evident.)

SCULLY: And all he told you to was to watch channel eight?

MULDER: Yeah, that's all he said.

SCULLY: Do we even know why the suspect was being chased?

MULDER: As far as I can tell, he wouldn't pull over for a moving violation.

SCULLY: Well, that ought to put him in the Ten Most Wanted list.

MULDER: There's got to be something here. Some detail. Something we're not seeing.

(He prints out a picture of the silver Ciera the suspect was driving. Scully looks at it.)

SCULLY: How do you know he's not just yanking your chain, this Deep Throat character?

MULDER: Why would he do that?

SCULLY: Well, he has lied to you by his own admission.

MULDER: I don't think he'd call if there wasn't something here... something I was supposed to see. Something he wants me to see.

SCULLY: Then what are you missing?




SCENE 4
SHIPWORKS; ARLIS, MARYLAND
(Lacerio looks at the picture of the various people as Mulder and Scully look at him. Various people talk to each other in the background. Lacerio gives the picture back.)

LACERIO: Well, I don't know if you were aware but there were three different law enforcement agencies out here last night.

MULDER: Hunting a man on a moving violation?

LACERIO: I know it's not "Silence of the Lambs," but it's what we do.

MULDER: The man in the photograph doesn't appear to be wearing a badge or a uniform. He's not one of yours?

LACERIO: No, sir. But like I said, it was a zoo out here.

MULDER: You say the suspect was shot.

(They look at a scuba diver falling backwards off of a boat, searching the water.)

Any explanation why the body hasn't been recovered?

LACERIO: Well, has you can see, we've got our search ongoing. Divers' down there in shifts. We're quite certain he'll be found.

MULDER: It's been almost eighteen hours, Captain. Where could the body be?

LACERIO: Well, there are cables and debris all over the bottom. It's a painstaking business. Can I ask what the F.B.I.'s interest in this case would be?

(Scully looks at Mulder.)

MULDER: The suspect matches the description of a federal fugitive.

LACERIO: Really? How's that? No description of the suspect has been released.

(Mulder looks away, slightly embarrassed.)

MULDER: If you don't mind, can we take a look at the car, please?

LACERIO: It's been taken to impound.




SCENE 5
IMPOUND
(Scully looks at a folder as Mulder is sitting in the front seat of the car.)

SCULLY: The report says that the car was registered to a rental agency in Gaithersburg. They had no idea that the car was even missing. You know, Mulder, I think that we're wasting our time here.

(Mulder gets out.)

MULDER: I don't know what the hell I'm supposed to find.

(He picks up the pictures, which he accidentally dropped, and moves to the front of the car.)

You can't make out the license plate in this photo.

(He leans up against the red van in back of him. He looks at the picture again, then at Scully, who is reaching through the car window.)

Hey, Scully, look at this.

SCULLY: What?

(She walks around to him.)

MULDER: Look at the car in this photo. Look at the windshield.

(She looks at the photo and sees there is a sticker on the windshield. The car in front of them does not have it.)

SCULLY: It's not the same car.

(Mulder shakes his head.)




SCENE 6
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully looks at the picture of the windshield and the sticker under a magnifying glass.)

SCULLY: It's called a caduceus. It's sort of the adopted symbol of the medical profession.

MULDER: So, probably, only a doctor would have that on his car.

SCULLY: Mm-hmmm. (in agreement.)

(Mulder fast-forwards the tape frame-by-frame. The quality looks to be better.)

MULDER: I had the picture enhanced and the plate is different. "3-A-Y-F."

SCULLY: Fast-forward.

MULDER: That's all you can make out. The rest is obscured.

(Scully advances the tape frame-by-frame as Mulder picks up the phone and dials someone's number.)

Hey, Danny, it's Mulder. I need you to run a Maryland plate for me. All I got is a partial. Registered to a doctor. Or used to be. Yeah, I'll hold.

(He looks at Scully, who notices something on the tape.)

They switched cars on us, Scully, and they lied about it.

SCULLY: Why would they do that?

MULDER: Maybe the, uh, real owner of the car has got something to hide.




SCENE 7
EMGEN CORPORATION; GAITHERSBURG, MARYLAND
(Doctor Berube pours some reddish liquid into a container from an Erlenmeyer flask and closes the lid. His hands are in side a glass case with gloves on. Monkeys squeal in the back. Mulder and Scully walk in.)

MULDER: Doctor Berube?

BERUBE: Yes?

(Mulder walks over to him and shows him his badge.)

MULDER: We're with the F.B.I., can we have a minute of your time?

BERUBE: I'm actually very busy.

MULDER: I'm sorry. Are you aware that a car registered to you was involved in a high-speed chase in Arlis yesterday?

BERUBE: Excuse me?

MULDER: A silver Ciera, doctor. Do you own a silver Ciera?

BERUBE: Yes. It was used for what?

MULDER: A crime. Were you aware that it was even missing?

BERUBE: Not until you mentioned it. I have a housekeeper and she often uses the car.

(Scully looks at a monkey in a cage next to her.)

It's a second car...

(Scully taps the cage bars and the monkey lunges at her fingers. Scully pulls her hand away as Berube and Mulder look at her. Other monkeys start making noises again.)

Please! They should not be excited. Nothing should be touched.

SCULLY: I'm sorry, I thought they were friendly.

BERUBE: They're part of an experiment.

MULDER: What kind of experiment?

BERUBE: Am I under some kind of suspicion?

MULDER: No.

BERUBE: Then I think I've answered all your questions. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have more work than time.

MULDER: Thank you.

(He and Scully walk out. They stop outside the door.)

Did he bite you?

SCULLY: No, but he tried to.

(Mulder looks at his watch.)

MULDER: Well, IT'S ALMOST 5:00. We should check with the doctor's housekeeper about the car while we're out here.

(He starts off.)

SCULLY: No.

(Mulder stops and looks back at her.)

MULDER: "No?" What do you mean, "no?"

SCULLY: I mean, this has reached the point of absurdity, Mulder. We're out here on half a hunch off of a cryptic phone call chasing down a, a clue that's based on nothing but speculation.

MULDER: Well, that's all we've got.

SCULLY: That's all he's given us. Who is this Deep Throat character? I mean, we don't know anything about him. What his name is, what he does...

MULDER: He's in a delicate position. He has access to information and indiscretion could expose him.

SCULLY: You don't know that this isn't just a game with him. He's toying with you. Rationing out the facts.

MULDER: You think he does it because he gets off on it?

SCULLY: No. I think he does it because you do.

(She walks into the ladies' room, stopping and looking back at him for a moment.)




SCENE 8
MULDER'S APARTMENT
(Mulder gets out of his car and starts walking to his building. Deep Throat walks up behind him.)

DEEP THROAT: Calling it a night, Mister Mulder?

MULDER: My mother usually likes me home before the street lights come on.

(Deep Throat walks up to him and they start walking.)

DEEP THROAT: I'm surprised at you.

MULDER: Why?

DEEP THROAT: Your level of commitment seems to have diminished.

MULDER: My level of commitment?

DEEP THROAT: I should have expected that you'd be working through the night trying to put the pieces together.

MULDER: Well, maybe if you'd given me something more to work with.

DEEP THROAT: Under the circumstances, I've given you all I can.

MULDER: A news report?

DEEP THROAT: And where has it led you?

MULDER: Not very far.

(Deep Throat chuckles a little.)

DEEP THROAT: It may be further than you realized.

(Mulder stops in front of him.)

MULDER: You know, from day one, this has always been on your terms. I've gone along. Been the dutiful son. But maybe this time, we can just cut out the Obi-Wan Kenobi crap and you can save me the trouble.

DEEP THROAT: I fear you've become to dependent on me.

MULDER: Let me tell you something. I've got plenty to do without chasing down your vague leads or trying to decode your circular logic. Maybe it's you who's become too dependent on me... on my willingness to play your games.

(Mulder starts off.)

DEEP THROAT: Mister Mulder?

(Mulder turns back.)

MULDER: What?

(Deep Throat walks up to him.)

DEEP THROAT: Don't give up on this one. Trust me. You've never been closer.

MULDER: Closer to what?

(Deep Throat sighs and walks away. Mulder sighs.)




SCENE 9
EMGEN CORPORATION; GAITHERSBURG, MARYLAND
(Berube sits at his desk, looking through a microscope. A monkey rolls around in his cage and squeaks. Berube looks at him for a second, then goes back to his work. The door unlocks and a man walks in, remaining in the shadows.)

BERUBE: Hello? Hello? Who's there?

CREW-CUT MAN: Working late tonight, doctor?

(Berube stands.)

BERUBE: What do you want here?

(The man steps partially into the light. He is the Crew-Cut Man, and he is the man in Mulder's picture.)

CREW-CUT MAN: He's alive, isn't he? Has he contacted you?

BERUBE: Please. You're going to have to leave.

(The Crew-Cut Man bangs on the cages, sending the monkeys screaming. Berube runs over to him.)

If you're from the F.B.I., I've already answered all your questions!

(The Crew-Cut Man walks over to Berube's desk.)

CREW-CUT MAN: What questions?

BERUBE: I had nothing to say to them. I have nothing to say to you.

CREW-CUT MAN: Where's Doctor Secare?

BERUBE: I don't know what you're talking about.

(The Crew-Cut Man chuckles to himself slightly. Berube walks over to him.)

Please. My work is very important. I must get on with my work.

CREW-CUT MAN: I'm afraid...

(He turns and faces Berube.)

Your work is done.

(Sounds of equipment breaking, glass falling and Berube groaning as the monkeys run around their cages, screaming.




SCENE 10
SHIPWORKS; ARLIS, MARYLAND
(The men on the boat talk.)

MAN #1: Anybody see anything?

MAN #2: No.

(The scuba diver pops out of the water. Lacerio and a few other people watch on the shore.)

SCUBA DIVER: Nothing!

LACERIO: That's it. I'm calling it off. Get those guys out of the water.

(He walks off. Another man takes out his walkie-talkie.)

OFFICER: Yes, sir. Shore to R.C. One, bring it in.

(The men on the boat pull the scuba diver out of the water. )

MAN #1: Visibility...

(They talk as the boat starts moving.)

MAN #2: ...been down there for two days. Forget it.

(As they drive by, they do not notice Doctor Secare sticking his head out of the water and looking around.)




SCENE 11
EMGEN CORPORATION; GAITHERSBURG, MARYLAND
(Scully is reading the folder and Mulder stands next to her. In the photos, there are pictures of Berube lying face down, a roll of medical gauze around his neck. The next one is from a different angle, and the next is somebody's hand holding the medical gauze that is tied around his neck with another man pointing to a knot near is neck. Berube's shirt is open. The fourth picture is an even further close-up of the third. The final picture is of broken flasks covering the floor. Various policemen, agents and men in suits are in the background. The room is in shambles.)

SCULLY: The county sheriff's office is conducting the investigation. On the preliminary reports, it's being listed as a suicide.

MULDER: Suicide?

SCULLY: Yeah, they think that for whatever reason, he trashed his lab and then killed himself.

MULDER: How?

(He walks over to a desk with some glass containers on it. Scully follows.)

SCULLY: Well, it says he tied one end of a roll of medical gauze around his neck and the other end to this gas outlet.

(She puts her hand on a gas outlet that has medical gauze tied around it.)

Then he jumped.

MULDER: I don't suppose there were any witnesses?

SCULLY: Nope.

MULDER: The man we met yesterday kept this place like he was waiting for the people from Good Housekeeping to show up. I would have never pegged him as someone to do all this... or a Greg Louganis out the window.

(He looks out the broken window next to him.)

SCULLY: I know, that gauze is troubling.

MULDER: It's a bit too calculated, huh?

(He holds the gauze.)

Almost as if someone wanted to make doubly sure he'd break his neck before he hit the ground.

(He throws the gauze away and starts walking. Scully follows.)

What else do we know about Doctor Berube?

SCULLY: Ummm... "Terrence Allen Berube. Harvard Med., 1974." He was working on the Human Genome Project. Are you familiar with that?

MULDER: Yeah. The mapping of all human genes. Maybe the most ambitious scientific endeavor in the history of mankind.

(He walks past her.)

SCULLY: Right, but there's nothing extraordinary about that. I mean, there were thousands of scientists working on that project.

(Mulder looks at a glass, then puts it down.)

MULDER: Yeah, but only one who owned a silver Ciera and went bungie-jumping with medical gauze wrapped around his neck.

(Mulder opens up a metal case.)

SCULLY: I'm sorry, Mulder. I'm seeing the pieces but I'm not seeing the connection.

(He takes out the Erlenmeyer flask containing the red liquid. It has a label on the bottom that reads "Purity Control.")

MULDER: Well, maybe that's just it. Maybe we're not seeing it because it can't be seen, not in any obvious way. What do you think this is?

SCULLY: I don't know.

MULDER: Well, can you find out for me?

(Scully sighs and takes the vial.)

SCULLY: What are you going to do?

MULDER: I'll see what else I can find out about Doctor Terrance Allen Berube.

SCULLY: Okay, Mulder, but I'm warning you... if this is monkey pee, you're on your own.




SCENE 12
6:30 P.M.
(Mulder pulls up to Berube's house. He gets out of the car and rings The doorbell twice. He takes a piece of mail that reads:

"Dr. T.A. Berube
2650 W. 1st
Ardis Maryland
149376"

He goes back to the door, then walks around the side of the house. He sees that a window to the cellar is open and he climbs inside.)




SCENE 13
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY; MICROBIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
(Dr. Carpenter, a woman who works there, feeds a sample of the bacteria into a machine with a microscope. Scully stands next to the computer.)

CARPENTER: My first impression is it's some kind of bacteria sample. Can I ask you where you got it?

SCULLY: It was recovered at a crime scene.

CARPENTER: Well, we've come a long way from Colonel Mustard in the den with the rope, haven't we?

(Scully laughs as Carpenter types.)

SCULLY: No, I'm expecting it to turn out to be nothing.

(Carpenter looks at the computer screen.)

CARPENTER: No... no, you've definitely got something here.

(There are a few white balls on the screen which have little holes, looking like some sort of bacteria. She zooms in.)

Wow... look at this.

(It zooms in slowly.)

SCULLY: What are they?

CARPENTER: Well, they're the size of bacteria but no bacteria I've ever seen.

SCULLY: How do you mean?

CARPENTER: Well, most bacteria are symmetrical and smooth. These are... I don't know.
It's strange.

SCULLY: You have no way of identifying them?

CARPENTER: Well, we could do a freeze fracture. Take a thin slice off and see what's going on inside these babies. If you don't mind waiting.

SCULLY: No, no, I'll wait.




SCENE 14
7:45 P.M.
(Mulder turns on Berube's desk lamp and sits down in his chair. He opens up a drawer and looks through the files. Stopping at a telephone bill, he takes it out and sees that there are many calls to the same number: "(301) 555-2804." He picks up the phone and starts dialing.)

MULDER: Hi, Danny. Yeah, it's Mulder again. Look, I got a number this time. 555-2804. Area code 301. I need an address, a name if you can get it for me. All right, I'm at... same prefix... fifteen-seventeen. All right, thanks, Danny.

(He hangs up and puts the telephone bill away. A white van pulls up outside the house. Mulder opens up the top drawer and pulls out a set of keys. He pockets them and the phone rings. Outside, the Crew-Cut Man sits in the front seat, headphones on, a satellite dish in hand to pick up the phone call. Mulder picks up the phone.)

That was fast.

SECARE: Terry? Is that you?

(Mulder pauses.)

MULDER: Yeah. Who's this?

(Cut to Secare, standing at a phone booth.)

SECARE: They shot me, Terry. Oh, God.

(Cut to the Crew-Cut Man, who listens intently.)

I've been in the water for three days. I'm hurt.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Where are you now?

(Cut to Secare.)

SECARE: I'm at a pay phone.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: I'm going to pick you up. Where are you?

(Cut to Secare, who grabs his bulletwound in pain. A man in a leather jacket walks by.)

SECARE: Terry...

(He slumps down against the glass. The man stops.)

MULDER: Hello?

MAN: Are you okay?

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Are you there? Hello?

(Cut to the man, who takes the phone.)

MAN: Hello? This man's been hurt here. I, I think he needs medical attention.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

He's in pretty bad shape...

MULDER: What's the street? What's the street?

(Cut to the man.)

MAN: I'm gonna call an ambulance.

MULDER: Sir?

(The man hangs up. Cut to Mulder, who slams the phone down in anger. He stands and the phone rings. He picks up and sits down.)

Don't hang up.

DANNY: I got it.

MULDER: Hi, Danny.

(The Crew-Cut Man takes off his headphones.)

Let me get the address...

DANNY: All right, you ready?

(Mulder reaches over and takes some paper. As he does, he sees the white van.)

Mulder?

MULDER: I'm just writing it down now, go ahead.

(The van speeds off.)

DANNY: All right, the number belongs to a company called Zeus Storage.

MULDER: Yeah...

DANNY: Sixteen-sixteen...

MULDER: Sixteen...

(Mulder writes this down.)

DANNY: Pandora Street.

MULDER: Sixteen... Pandora Street.

DANNY: That's it.

MULDER: All right, thanks.

(Danny hangs up. Mulder does right after.)




SCENE 15
MARYLAND
(An ambulance speeds down a road carrying Secare, who does not have a shirt on.. A man is pumping an oxygen mask over his mouth while another is talking to headphones.)

MAN: All right, we've got a white male, forty, weak vitals and signs of severe dysnea and hypertension. He also has what appears to be a green fluid coming from a wound in his right upper quadrant.

(The other man takes off the oxygen pump and starts taping the wound.)

MAN AT HOSPITAL: I don't know what the hell that is. Is he responding to ventilation?

MAN: No and we're noticing those rope veins at the neck and a hypersonant sounding chest. He's going real blue on us now.

MAN AT HOSPITAL: Okay, you've got a tension to a thorax. I want you to perform a thorachotomy and release the pressure in his chest.

(The man turns to the other man.)

MAN: Okay, we're going to need a cannula. We're going to do a needle decompression.

(The second paramedic hands the first one a needle and a cannula. Secare's head lifts up as the paramedic pushes the needle in. He looks at the two as air rushes out and they cringe, holding their eyes. The second man coughs. The ambulance swerves off the road.)

MAN AT HOSPITAL: Mobile van, what's going on?

(The driver falls out of the car. Secare plucks the needle out.)

Mobile van, can you hear me?

(Secare opens the doors and runs out.)

Mobile van, answer me! Mobile van, what is the problem? Mobile van, come in please!




SCENE 16
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY; MICROBIOLOGY DEPARTMENT
(Scully is calling Mulder. It's ringing.)

MULDER: Mulder.

SCULLY: It's me.

(Cut to Mulder, who is driving.)

MULDER: He's alive, Scully.

SCULLY: Who?

MULDER: The fugitive, the driver of the silver Ciera. He called the doctor's house while I was there.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Where is he now?

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: I don't know. Where are you?

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: I'm at the Georgetown Microbiology Department.

(She sighs.)

I've got something for you.

MULDER: Is it smaller than a silver Ciera?

(She walks over to Carpenter, who is sitting at a computer.)

SCULLY: Much. And it's not silver, it's green.

MULDER: What is it?

(On the computer, there is a picture of the freeze fracture. It is green with little blue spots.)

SCULLY: Some kind of bacteria, each containing virus and it looks as if Berube may have been cloning them.

(Cut to Mulder.)

They also contain something that looks like chloroplasts...

(Cut to Scully.)

Plant cells. But they, they've never seen anything like it here.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Any idea what he could have been doing with them?

SCULLY: Well, the only reason why you clone a virus inside a bacteria...

(Cut to Scully.)

...is in order to inject it into something living. It's called gene therapy and it's still highly experimental.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Well, maybe that's what he was doing with those monkeys. Can they tell you anything else there?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Yeah, they're just about to run some primary cell cultures and a DNA sequence.

(She walks away from Carpenter.)

Now, I may be understating the strangeness of this, Mulder. Bacteria like this... it may have existed, but not for millions of years, not since before our ancestors first crawled out of the sea.

(Cut to Mulder, who pulls up at Zeus Storage.)

Are you there, Mulder?

(Mulder does not answer.)

Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah, Scully. Keep up the good work.

(Cut to Scully. She exhales sharply, feeling cast away.)




SCENE 17
ZEUS STORAGE
(Mulder walks in and down a flight of stairs. He sees a number of doors. He looks through the keys and sees one marked "1056." Walking to the door with the same number, he unlocks it and slides the door open. Inside, he sees five glass cases, like aquariums, each hooked up to various computers. Inside each case is a naked man, perfectly still. As he walks past them, he looks at them in disbelief. Suddenly, one of them moves. Mulder realizes that they are all alive and breathing underwater.)




SCENE 18
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY; MICROBIOLOGY DEPARTMENT; 11:45 P.M.
(Scully is sleeping on a couch in the employee's lounge. Dr. Carpenter walks in and closes the door. She nudges Scully on the shoulder.)

CARPENTER: Agent Scully?

(Scully wakes up.)

SCULLY: Oh, Doctor Carpenter. I fell asleep.

(Dr. Carpenter sits down next to Scully. She holds out a piece of paper that has a pattern of dashes up and down the paper until a point where they become sparser.)

CARPENTER: I've done some work. These are the DNA sequences from the bacteria sample you brought in. You seem to know something about molecular biology. Do you know what you're looking at?

SCULLY: Yeah, I think those are genes.

CARPENTER: Right. They're called base pairs. Each pair is made up of something called a nucleotide. Only four nucleotides exist in DNA. Four. And through some miracle of design that we have yet to fathom, every living thing is created out of these four basic building blocks. What you're
looking at is a sequence of genes from the bacteria sample. Normally, we'd find no gaps in the sequence. But with these bacteria, we do.

SCULLY: Why is that?

CARPENTER: I don't know why. But I tell you, under any other circumstances, my first call would have been to the government.

SCULLY: What exactly did you find?

CARPENTER: A fifth and sixth DNA nucleotide. A new base pair. Agent Scully, what are you looking at... it exists nowhere in nature. IT would have to be, by definition... extraterrestrial.




SCENE 19
ZEUS STORAGE
(Mulder walks out of the building and sees a white van pull up. Two men get out. He starts walking the other way and sees that they are following him. A third man comes running at him. He runs down an alley and jumps the fence. He runs down that side of the alley as fast as he can until he turns a corner, stops and draws his gun. Seeing no one, he runs the other way.)




SCENE 20
MULDER'S APARTMENT
(It is morning. Mulder walks in and sees his phone is ringing.)

MULDER: Hello.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder? Where on God's earth have you been? I've been trying to call you all night.

MULDER: I had a situation. I left my phone in the car.

SCULLY: Mulder... that bacteria I had analyzed... they're saying that it doesn't exist in nature.

(Cut to Mulder, who sits down.)

They're saying that it could be extraterrestrial.

MULDER: Scully...

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: How soon can you be here? There's something I got to show you.




SCENE 21
7:30 A.M.
(Mulder and Scully pull up. A car is parked out front. Mulder walks to the building and Scully follows.)

SCULLY: Wait a second... Mulder?

(He stops.)

I, I just want to say that I was wrong.

MULDER: It's all right, don't worry about it.

SCULLY: No, um... if you'd had listened to me, we wouldn't be here right now. I should know by now to trust your instincts.

MULDER: Why? Nobody else does.

(She smiles.)

SCULLY: You know, I've always held science as sacred. I've, I've always put my trust in the accepted facts. And what I saw last night... for the first time in my life, I don't know what to believe.

MULDER: Well, whatever it is you do believe, Scully... when you walk into that room? Nothing sacred will hold.

(He looks at her and walks in. She follows. Downstairs, he unlocks the sliding door and walks in, flicking on the switch. The room is completely barren except for a table. He walks to the middle of the room and she follows.)

There were tanks here and five bodies suspended in solution. There were computers monitoring them. They were alive, Scully, underwater.

SCULLY: What happened to them?

DEEP THROAT: God only knows.

(They turn to see Deep Throat standing in the doorway, carrying an envelope. He walks over to them.)

Most likely, they've been destroyed.

(He looks at Scully and nods to her.)

Miss Scully. I believe we met ever so briefly.

MULDER: Destroyed by whom?

DEEP THROAT: I don't know.

MULDER: I don't believe you.

DEEP THROAT: There are limits to my knowledge, Mister Mulder. Inside the intelligence community, there are so-called "black organizations." Groups within groups conducting covert activities, unknown at the highest levels of power.

MULDER: There were three men last night, I was chased.

DEEP THROAT: Hmmm. If you were chased, you would have been killed. Those men are trained for that sort of business and they are trained well.

SCULLY: Were those the same men who killed Doctor Berube?

DEEP THROAT: Presumably.

SCULLY: Why?

DEEP THROAT: "Why?" Good lord, you've worked so hard and you still don't see it.

MULDER: Doctor Berube was conducting human experiments with extraterrestrial viruses.

DEEP THROAT: Yes, but that's been going on for years. We've had the tissue since 1947 but not the technology.

MULDER: Roswell?

DEEP THROAT: Roswell was a smoke screen, we've had a half-a-dozen better salvage operations. Doctor Berube was killed because his work was too successful. You're standing in the room where the first DNA transplant took, the first human-alien hybrid was created.

(He puts the envelope down on the table and opens it up, spreading pictures over the table.)

Six volunteer patients, all terminally ill.

(He holds up a picture of Secare.)

One, Doctor William Secare, an old friend of Doctor Berube's, was dying of melanoma cancer. And as a result of the E.T. gene therapy, all six patients treated in this room began to recover from their illnesses. Doctor Secare was able to live a more or less normal life. As normal as possible for a man who has developed inhuman strength and the ability to breathe underwater.

(Mulder starts to walk around.)

MULDER: That's how he was able to elude capture.

DEEP THROAT: Hmmm. (in agreement.)

SCULLY: What was he running from?

DEEP THROAT: Doctor Secare was never supposed to have survived. Doctor Berube's research was part of a top secret government project being run out of Los Alamos. All they were interested in was the technology, the science. To have a hybrid living out in the real world? Too great a liability. What if he should need emergency medical procedure? The man has a blood chemistry that is alien and very likely toxic. That story should hit the press.

MULDER: It was just easier to kill Doctor Secare.

DEEP THROAT: Of course, there was only one problem. He was Doctor Berube's old friend and he was able to warn him.

SCULLY: There's just one thing I don't understand. Why you gave us so little to go on in the beginning and why are you giving us so much now?

DEEP THROAT: I didn't anticipate the speed and precision of their clean-up operation. They're systematically destroying all the evidence... Doctor Berube, the bodies here. Without the evidence, you two have no case. Who would believe the story I just told you? You must put together everything that you have found and you must find Doctor Secare before they do. I'll have no further contact with you on this matter.

(He walks out. Mulder and Scully look at each other. After, they walk out.)

SCULLY: I'm going to get back to Georgetown and get all the lab work.

MULDER: I'm going to find Doctor Secare.

SCULLY: Where?

MULDER: I don't know. I'm going to trust my instincts.




SCENE 22
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY
(Scully walks into the employee's lounge and sees various female doctor lounging around, drinking coffee, eating lunch and reading.)

SCULLY: Excuse me? I'm looking for Doctor Ann Carpenter. I've been unable to reach her by phone and she's not in her office.

WOMAN: She was in a terrible car accident, her whole family. And Doctor Carpenter is, um... dead.




SCENE 23
BERUBE RESIDENCE; ARDIS, MARYLAND
(Mulder unlocks the front door and goes inside. He looks around and hears a thump from upstairs. He draws his gun and slowly walks up the stairs, waiting before turning each corner. Another thump comes from the attic door above him. He goes up and looks around the dark room.)

MULDER: Doctor Secare?

(He starts walking to the back of the attic when Secare jumps out from behind him and tackles him into the wall, knocking the gun out of his hand.)

Wait!

(Secare punches him, literally sending him flying across the room into a pile of boxes. Secare picks him up by his trenchcoat.)

I'll protect you.

(Secare looks at him strangely. A gunshot sounds and Secare's head jerks back. He falls to the floor, letting Mulder see the Crew-Cut Man standing up through the doorway, gun in hand and gas mask on. Mulder looks down at Secare and sees that he has been shot in the back of the neck, green ooze fizzing out. He gasps in pain and starts holding his eyes, coughing. He falls to his knees. Later, Mulder lies on the floor, hands and feet tied. His phone is ringing. Two men in the back carry the doctor's body down the stairs, both wearing gas masks. The Crew-Cut Man walks over, kneels next to Mulder, and takes off his gas mask. Mulder's eyelids, nose and mouth are inflamed.)

CREW-CUT MAN: Your cellular phone's been ringing off the hook.

MULDER: I'm a popular guy. Why don't you answer it for me?

CREW-CUT MAN: Oh, I don't like talking on the phone. I have this thing about unsecured lines. When you feel like talking, let me know, though.




SCENE 24
MULDER'S APARTMENT; 6:10 A.M.
(Scully pulls up and gets out of the car. She walks over to the door and presses the button to the buzzer in Mulder's apartment. Deep Throat walks around the column and looks at her.)

DEEP THROAT: He's not home.

(She looks at him.)

SCULLY: Where is he? He's been gone all night.

DEEP THROAT: I wish I knew.

SCULLY: Something's happened to him.

DEEP THROAT: They won't kill him.

SCULLY: How do you know that?

DEEP THROAT: He's become too high-profile and you've got evidence that could expose them.

SCULLY: I don't have any evidence. They took the evidence and they may have killed in order to get it.

DEEP THROAT: Listen to me. Evidence still exists.

SCULLY: Where?

DEEP THROAT: It might be difficult to obtain but with your medical background, I might be able to get you inside.

SCULLY: Inside where?

DEEP THROAT: The high containment facility at Fort Marlene, Maryland.

SCULLY: What do they have there?

DEEP THROAT: The wellspring, Miss Scully. The original tissue. If they've got Agent Mulder, they might be willing to make a deal. It could save his life.




SCENE 25
FORT MARLENE; HIGH CONTAINMENT FACILITY
(Scully walks in carrying a briefcase, an I.D. attached to her trenchcoat. Two doctors walk up to a guard in front of a door. The guard checks one of their credentials and pushes a button, opening the door. The first doctor walks out. Scully looks up at the video camera positioned above the door.
The second doctor leaves and Scully walks up to the guard. She shows him her I.D. which reads:

"6D
Dana Scully, MD
26-38-90 Class A
Bio-Medical Division"

There is a picture of her next to the writing.)

GUARD: Clear.

(He pushes the button and the door opens. She walks through and turns right. A man closes a filing cabinet and walks past her. He looks back at her for a second, then keeps walking. Scully looks back at the man and puts the briefcase in the other hand. She walks past a few more doctors until she reaches the elevator. The board next to it reads:

"Level 7 Cryology
Level 6 Virology
Level 5 Oncology
Level 4 Radiology
Level 3 Immunology
Level 2 Toxicology
Level 1 Admin
Level G Security"

She plucks the I.D. off her trenchcoat and runs it through the keycard sensor. The machine beeps and the doors slide opens. She walks in and pushes a button. The doors close. On the seventh floor, she walks out of the elevator and to a door with a sign that says "Cryology." She slides her I.D. through the keycard sensor, which beeps. She opens the door and closes it behind her. She slides her I.D. through the next keycard sensor, which beeps a different way and does not switch from a green light to a red light. There is a speaker above the sensor. A guard speaks through it.)

GUARD: Name?

(She looks at the speaker, then walks over to the glass pane. She sees the guard sitting there.)

SCULLY: Dana Scully.

GUARD: Company or institution?

SCULLY: Federal government.

GUARD: Project password?

(He takes a pen and prepares to write something down. Her face goes blank, she looks at the alarm bell, then at the video camera. The guard looks at her and presses the intercom button again.)

Project password?

(She thinks back.)

SCULLY: Purity control.

(He writes it down, then starts tapping number out on a keypad. The door unlocks. She opens it and walks over to the guard.)

GUARD: Log in, please?

(He holds up a clipboard, which she signs. She walks through an open door down a hallway past a number of canisters. Wearing rubber gloves now, she opens a door marked "Purity Control." She slides out the nitrogen canister and takes off the lid. Reaching in, she pulls out a metal container with glass all around it. It contains a small alien fetus-like creature.)




SCENE 26
BRIDGE
(Scully sits in her car on the bridge, waiting. Another car drives up behind her. She gets out of the car, carrying a box that presumably contains the evidence. Walking over to the door, Deep Throat rolls down the window.)

SCULLY: You're late.

DEEP THROAT: Do you have it?

SCULLY: Yes.

DEEP THROAT: Good. They're willing to make the exchange.

SCULLY: You spoke to them?

DEEP THROAT: Yes.

(He reaches out his window.)

I'll take the parcel.

SCULLY: No, sir. I'll make the exchange.

(He pulls his hand back in.)

DEEP THROAT: I made the deal, Scully, they're expecting me.

SCULLY: I don't trust you.

DEEP THROAT: You've got no one else to trust.

SCULLY: I don't know who you are. I know nothing about you.

DEEP THROAT: Oh, for God's sake, don't screw this up! Let me tell you something you should know. In 1987, a group of children from a southern state were given what their parents thought was a routine inoculation. What they were injected with was a clone DNA from the contents of that package you're holding as a test. That's the kind of people you're dealing with!

SCULLY: So why give it back to them?

DEEP THROAT: To save Mulder's life.

SCULLY: At the risk of so many other lives?

DEEP THROAT: Oh, it's the tip of the iceberg. You and Mulder are the only ones who can bring it to light.

(He reaches out again.)

Now, give me the parcel.

(She stares at him, not knowing what to do. A white van pulls up in front of Scully's car.)

Give me the parcel, Scully.

(She hands him the package and runs back to her car. As the car passes her, she looks at the man driving the car. He is the Crew-Cut Man. He looks at her as he drives by. She gets in the car. The van pulls up next to Deep Throat's car. The two men step out of their cars as Scully breathes deeply, watching in her rear-view mirrors. Deep Throat hands the Crew-Cut Man the package. Scully turns around and watches through her back window. The Crew-Cut Man walks over to his open door, puts the package, turns around to face Deep Throat, and shoots him.)

SCULLY: No!

(Deep Throat falls to the ground. The back doors to the van open and a man pushes Mulder out onto the concrete. Scully runs towards the van with her gun in hand. She goes to Mulder as the van drives away.)

Mulder. Mulder!

(He groans. She checks his pulse and runs over to Deep Throat. She feels her neck and opens up his jacket, revealing the gunshot wound.)

DEEP THROAT: Trust...

(She lifts his head up so he can speak.)

Trust... no one.

(He exhales sharply. And with that, Deep Throat dies in Scully's arms.)




SCENE 27
WASHINGTON, D.C.; THIRTEEN DAYS LATER
(Scully is asleep on her bed. She wakes with a startle. Looking at the clock, which reads 11:21, she takes deep breaths. The phone rings and she picks it up.)

SCULLY: Hello?

MULDER: Hey, Scully. It's me.

SCULLY: Where are you?

(Cut to Mulder, sitting in his apartment with the lights off.)

They're shutting us down, Scully.

(Cut to Scully, who sits up.)

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: They called me in tonight...

(Cut to Mulder.)

...and they said they're going to reassign us to other sections.

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: Who said that?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: Skinner.

(He spits out the word.)

He said word came down from the top...

(Cut to Scully.)

...of the executive branch.

SCULLY: Mulder...

(Cut to Mulder, who still seems amazingly placid.)

MULDER: It's over, Scully.

(Cut back to Scully, who is in disbelief.)

SCULLY: Well, you have to lodge a protest. They can't...

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Yes, they can.

(He nods to himself. Cut to Scully, who sits in silence for a few seconds.)

SCULLY: What are you going to do?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: I'm... not going to give up. I can't give up. Not as long as the truth is out there.

(Cut to Scully, who hears a click. She lowers the phone from her ear.)




SCENE 28
HIDDEN ROOM; PENTAGON
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man turns a corner and walks through a narrow row of shelves in the same room that he hid the communications device taken out of Billy Miles so long ago. He walks over to a box that is labeled "Evidence, 16604." He holds up a jar that contains the alien fetus in it. He looks at it, then puts it in the box, which contains many others like it. He pushes the box back onto the shelf and walks all the way down the hallway. He walks out and closes the door, then runs his keycard through it's sensor. The sign on the door reads:

"In Case Of Fire Or Emergency
Know Your Exits
PENTAGON
Evacuation Procedure"

There is a map of the Pentagon next to it. The Cigarette-Smoking Man walks away.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
(The vast emptiness of space. Mulder speaks over the scenes.)

MULDER: We wanted... to believe. We wanted to call out.

(Two satellites fly by.)

On August 20th and September 5th, 1977, two spacecraft were launched from the Kennedy Space Flight Center, Florida. They were called Voyager.

(The shot flies back at incredible speeds past planets, moons and stars, until we are outside the Milky Way. The image moves down to the lower-right side of the screen. Bachs "Brandenburg Concerto Number Two" starts playing.)

Each one carries a message.

KURT WALDHEIM ON MESSAGE: I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet. We step out of our solar system into the universe, seeking only peace...

(Waldheim continues talking. A diagram of an amino acid group, followed by a diagram of the human muscular system, a map of the world, a math chart and many charts of unborn babies.)

MULDER: A gold-plated record depicting images, music and sounds of our planet, arranged so that it may be understood if ever intercepted by a technologically mature extraterrestrial civilization.

(A woman starts talking in another language, possible Japanese, in the background and a picture of the earth comes up, stating the measurement of 12,756 kilometers.)

BOY ON MESSAGE: Hello from the children of planet Earth.

(The picture turns into the real Earth, then zooms back from it.)

MULDER: Thirteen years after its launch, Voyager One passed the orbital plane of Neptune and essentially leaving our solar system. Within that time, there were no further messages sent. Nor are any planned.

(The shot moves down to a row of satellite dishes.)

We wanted to listen. On October 12th, 1992, NASA initiated the high-resolution microwave survey.




SCENE 2
ARECIBO IONOSPHERIC OBSERVATORY; ARECIBO, PUERTO RICO
(An aerial shot of the extraordinary telescope. Mulder continues talking.)

MULDER: A decade long-search by radio telescope, scanning ten million frequencies for any transmission by extraterrestrial intelligence.

(The birds chirp and the monkeys howl outside of the observatory.)

Less than one year later, first-term Nevada Senator Richard Bryan successfully championed an amendment which terminated the project.

(The letters on the outside of the building read: "Arecibo Ionospheric Observatory; Arecibo, Puerto Rico; Control Room.")

I wanted to believe but the tools have been taken away.

(Inside, the machines are covered and off.)

The X-Files have been shut down. They closed our eyes. Our voices have been silenced... our ears now deaf to the realms of extreme possibilities.

(A machine turns on and starts beeping. Slowly, all the machines turn on. One indicates that it is receiving information. The printers begin pumping out papers. The reel player starts. Bachs "Brandenburg Concerto Number Two" starts playing. The voice is scratchy and rough.)

KURT WALDHEIM ON MESSAGE: I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet. We step out of our solar system into the universe, seeking only peace and friendship... to teach...




SCENE 3
LONGSTREET MOTEL; WASHINGTON, D.C.; WIRETAP #5A21147
(Mulder sits at a desk with a tape recorder that is on. He is transcribing a conversation between two men. Mulder has poured out a bag of sunflower seeds on his desk and is eating them. The shells surround his chair on the floor.)

MAN #1: Do you remember that one strip joint?

MAN #2: Yeah. You treat yourself?

MAN #1: Oh, man, let me tell you. You know that one, Tuesday?

MAN #2: Wait, wait, you went on Tuesday?

MAN #1: No, no. Thats the strippers name, Tuesday.

MAN #2: Yeah, yeah, I know her.

MAN #1: Well, anyway, shes onstage dancing to that Offspring song, "Come Out and Play."

MAN #2: Nice touch.

MAN #1: Very hot.

MAN #2: So keep going.

MAN #1: So Im tipping her big. No ones, five spots. Im laying them down on the rail, boom boom boom.

MAN #2: Yeah, right.

MAN #1: By the end of the song, I had like forty dollars laid out on the rail.

MAN #2: Its not a long song, is it?




SCENE 4
F.B.I. ACADEMY; QUANTICO, VIRGINIA
(A dead man is laid out on a table under a sheet with only the top of the head exposed. A dotted line is across it. Scully stands over him, dressed in her doctors garb. A class of students is off to the side taking notes.)

SCULLY: It is advantageous to begin an autopsy with removal of the cranium. The cranium is opened with a horizontal division an inch above the eyebrow ridges.

(She looks at the body. The students murmur a little.)

FEMALE STUDENT: Something wrong?

SCULLY: What this man imagined... his dreams, who he loved, saw, heard, remembered... what he feared... somehow its... all locked inside this small mass of tissue and fluid.

FEMALE STUDENT: Are you okay, Agent Scully? You kind of sounded a... little spooky.

(Scully looks at her when she hears Mulders nickname.)




SCENE 5
F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder turns a corner and walks down a hallway filled with people talking. Scully turns another corner and sees him coming towards her. She smiles slightly and walks up to him.)

SCULLY: Good afternoon, Agent Mulder.

(Mulder keeps walking, turning the corner she came out of. She watches him walk away in dismay. Mulder walks to his desk and sees the picture of Samantha face down. He stands it up and takes of a note attached to it that covers her face. He stares at the picture.)




SCENE 6
WATERGATE HOTEL & OFFICE COMPLEX
(Scully paces back and forth in the parking lot. She hears a door opening and turns to see a man walking towards her. She starts towards him and sees that it is Mulder.)

MULDER: Four dollars for the first hour of parking is criminal. What you got better be worth at least forty-five minutes.

(She sighs in a little relief and smiles at him.)

SCULLY: You know, Mulder, from... from back there, you look like him.

MULDER: Him?

SCULLY: Deep Throat.

MULDER: Hes dead, Scully. I attended his funeral at Arlington through eight-power binoculars from a thousand yards away. Now, the picture frame was turned down, you wanted to talk. What have you found?

SCULLY: I wanted to talk but I havent found anything.

(A car starts and the headlights cast upon the duo. He moves closer to her.)

MULDER: Its dangerous for us just to have a little chat, Scully. We must assume were being watched.

SCULLY: Mulder, I havent seen any indication...

MULDER: No, no, of course not. These people are the best.

SCULLY: Ive taken all of the necessary precautions. I have doubled back over my tracks to make sure that I havent been followed and no one has ever followed me. The X-Files have been terminated, Mulder. We have been reassigned. I mean, what makes you think they care about us anymore anyway?

MULDER: So why have you bothered to come here covertly?

SCULLY: Because I realized that it was the only way that you would see me.

MULDER: So what do you want?

SCULLY: To know that youre all right. Mulder, you passed me today within a foot, but you were miles away.

MULDER: Theyve got me on electronic surveillance. White-bread cases, bank fraud, insurance fraud, health care swindles.

SCULLY: Mulder, I know that you feel... frustrated that without the bureaus resources, its impossible for you to continue...

MULDER: No, it...

SCULLY: Well, what then? When the bureau first shut us down, you said that you would go on for as long as the truth was out there. But I no longer feel that from you.

(She stares at him, waiting for a response.)

MULDER: Have you ever been to San Diego?

SCULLY: Yeah.

MULDER: Did you check out the Palomar observatory?

SCULLY: No.

MULDER: From 1948 until recently, it was the largest telescope in the world. The idea and design came from a brilliant and wealthy astronomer named George Ellery Hale. Actually, the idea was presented to Hale one night. While he was playing billiards, an elf climbed in his window and told him to get money from the Rockefeller Foundation for a telescope.

SCULLY: And youre worried that all your life, youve been seeing elves?

(He slumps down against the wall, kneeling.)

MULDER: In my case... little green men.

(She kneels down next to him.)

SCULLY: But, Mulder... during your time with the X-Files, youve seen so much.

MULDER: Thats just the point. Seeing is not enough, I should have something to hold onto. Some solid evidence. I learned that from you.

(They look at each other in silence for a second.)

SCULLY: Your sisters abduction, youve held onto that.

(Mulder looks away.)

MULDER: Im beginning to wonder if... if that ever even happened.

SCULLY: Mulder, even if George Hale only saw elves in his mind, the telescope still got built.
Dont give up. And next time...

(She sighs and stands up.)

We meet out in the open.

(She walks away. He stays there, his eyes closed. He opens them slowly and sighs, then looks at a sign that says "This parking reserved for the staff of the Watergate Hotel.")




SCENE 7
NOVEMBER 27, 1973; CHILMARK, MASS.; 8:53 P.M.
(The TV is on and a tape recorder is playing on it, with a picture of Nixon in the corner. A young Fox lays down across a Stratego board from Samantha, who is sitting. He moves a piece.)

MAN: ...she had erased a conversation between President Nixon and H.R. Haldeman while transcribing the subpoenaed tape. Woods testified that she had erased only about five minutes of the conversation but the tape contained an eighteen-minute gap. Under investigation...

SAMANTHA MULDER: Scout.

MAN: ...from Senator Howard Baker, H.R. Haldeman reiterated the White House explanation that Rosemary Woods...

(Fox takes a piece and smiles.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: Do we have to watch this, Fox?

MULDER: Leave it, Im watching "The Magician" at nine.

SAMANTHA MULDER: Mom and Dad said I could watch the movie, buttmunch.

MULDER: Theyre next door at the Galbrands and they said Im in charge.

(Samantha gets up and changes the channel to a western. Mulder sits up.)

Hey! Get out of my life!

(He changes it to a channel with static. She screams in his ear. He changes it back to the news and stands, towering over her.)

Im watching "The Magician."

(He starts to walk when the power goes out.)

Now, look. The fuse is blown.

(A painting of Mulder and his dog starts moving against the wall.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: Fox!

(They look around as the Stratego pieces shake along the board. On the fireplace mantel, pictures fall and knickknacks topple over. The plug in the wall socket explodes in sparks. They look towards the window, where weird red and blue lights flash through. Fox moves up to the window and looks through. The chandelier is shaking, and Fox looks at that. A weird glow starts emanating through the door. The doorknob slowly turns. The door opens and a bright light shines through. Foxs eyes open widely as he makes out a strange-looking silhouette that doesnt quite look human. Samantha screams and he turns. Samantha is suspended in the air.)

MULDER: Samantha! Samantha!

(She floats towards the window. He climbs on a chair and throws down a case, which breaks, exposing a gun. He looks at the figure in the door, who raises a hand up invitingly. The white glow fills the room as Samantha moves out the window.)

Samantha... Samantha! No!

(Mulder is left kneeling on the floor, alone, the white glow all around him.)




SCENE 8
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Mulder wakes with a start. He gets up and closes the blinds on his window.
A man opens his door.)

MAN: Were going to the hill.




SCENE 9
OFFICE OF SENATOR RICHARD MATHESON
("Brandenburg Concerto Number Two" plays as the man opens the door and walks in, followed by Mulder. Senator Matheson is by his stereo, facing the wall.)

MAN: Senator Matheson!

(Matheson points to a chair. Mulder walks over to it and sits down as the man leaves.)

RICHARD MATHESON: Do you know this, Fox?

MULDER: Its Bach. "Brandenburg Concerto Number Three."

(Matheson holds up two fingers like a peace sign.)

RICHARD MATHESON: Two.

MULDER: Good thing it wasnt a Double Jeopardy question.

(Matheson turns around and looks at him.)

RICHARD MATHESON: Do you know the significance of this piece?

MULDER: Well, uh... recalling music appreciation with Professor Ganz, Bach had a genius for polyphonic...

RICHARD MATHESON: This is the first selection of music on the Voyager spacecraft. The first.

(Mulder nods.)

Four and a half billion years from now, when the sun exhausts its fuel and swells to engulf the earth, this expression will still be out there, traveling four and a half billion years. That is, if its not intercepted first. Imagine, Fox. If another civilization out there were to hear this, they would think "what a wonderful place the earth must be."

(He walks over to his small bar.)

I would want this to be the first contact with another lifeform.

(He pours a drink.)

MULDER: I know Ive let you down. Youve supported me at great risk to your reputation. I realized when they shut us down, there was nothing you could do.

(Matheson sits at his desk across from Mulder.)

All I can say is, I think we were close. To what, I dont know.

(Matheson takes a sip and smiles. The song slowly ends.)

What?

(Matheson makes a halting motion. He takes a pen and paper and starts writing.)

RICHARD MATHESON: Do you like Bach, Mulder?

MULDER: I live for Bach.

RICHARD MATHESON: Then lets hear it again.

(He hands Mulder the paper which reads "They may be listening." He then walks over to the stereo and plays it very loudly. They walk away from the desk and talk quieter.)

I take it youre familiar with the high-resolution microwave survey?

MULDER: The search for extraterrestrial radio signals. They shut it down.

RICHARD MATHESON: You have to get to the radio telescope at Arecibo, Puerto Rico. Ill try to delay them as long as I can but my guess is youll have at least twenty-four hours. After that, I can no longer hold off the Blue Beret U.F.O. Retrieval Team. And they have been authorized to display terminal force.

MULDER: What am I looking for?

(Matheson hands him a computer print-out of something. He then walks around Mulder as he reads the paper and leans over to his ear.)

RICHARD MATHESON: Contact.




SCENE 10
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner sits at his desk. A tape recorder is playing.)

SKINNER ON TAPE: When did you last see Agent Mulder?

SCULLY ON TAPE: Yesterday.

SKINNER ON TAPE: Where?

SCULLY ON TAPE: In the bullpen hallway.

SKINNER ON TAPE: Did you speak with him?

SCULLY ON TAPE: No. Is he in some kind of trouble?

SKINNER ON TAPE: Agent Mulder failed to appear at his assignment this morning. His, uh... his whereabouts are unknown.

(The Cigarette-Smoking Man picks up his pack of cigarettes off the table.)

SCULLY ON TAPE: Sir, Ill volunteer my time to assist in any search.

SKINNER ON TAPE: No, Agent Scully, the bureau can handle...

(The Cigarette-Smoking Man stops the tape.)

SKINNER: She doesnt know where he is.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: How can you be so sure?

SKINNER: Because if she knew, she wouldnt be so worried about him.

(The Cigarette-Smoking Man opens up the pack and sees that its empty. He looks at Skinner.)

I dont smoke.

(The pack is crushed in the Cigarette-Smoking Mans hand.)

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Shell find him.




SCENE 11
ARECIBO, PUERTO RICO
(Mulder is riding in the back of a truck, sunglasses on, shirt drenched with sweat. The truck stops. He walks over to the driver, carrying his bag.)

MULDER: Gracias.

MAN: De nada.

(He drives off. Mulder hikes up to a gate that says "National Astronomy & Ionosphere Center; Arecibo, Puerto Rico; No trespassing." He takes off his sunglasses and looks around. After trying the lock, he decides to hike around the gate. Later, Mulder makes his way through the jungle, climbing up hills until he sees the satellite sticking out over the canopy of the trees. He arrives at the control room and puts his bag down on a barrel. He takes out his tape recorder.)

MULDER: No trace evidence immediately apparent around the exterior of the control room which is locked with chains.

(He puts the tape recorder away and cuts the chains with a clipper he takes out of his backpack. He walks into the dark room, carrying a flashlight. Everything is still draped over with sheets. He flicks the light switch on and off, then talks into the recorder.)

The power has been turned off. Although, the control panel lights are still on. The room is about thirty by fifteen. I see no signs of any recent occupation. Theres quite an odor of mildew in the air... the air is stale. If anyones been here recently... I see no indications.

(He hears a machine whirring and turns around to see the tape recorder running.)




SCENE 12
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Scully presses a button on Mulders answering machine. It rewinds then plays.)

WOMAN: Mulder... you hounded me to have lunch with you today and then you dont show. Youre a pig.

(There is a click and three beeps. She sits down and opens the drawer, rifling through the papers. Turning on the computer, a DOS directory screen comes up. Putting on her glasses, she clicks on the directory marked files. A prompt comes up that reads "Volume Protected; Enter Password." There is a text box underneath. She looks at it, thinks, and types in "spooky." The screen blinks "Access denied" three times over the words "Volume Protected" and it beeps three times. Thinking more, she types in "Samantha." Access denied. She stares at the screen and types another word. "Trustno1." The "ok" box turns black and the file that Senator Matheson gave Mulder comes up on screen. She reads some of it.)

SCULLY: "Galactic latitude?"

(She hears footsteps approaching and clicks on print. The printer starts up. She turns off the computer and stands. The paper drops out of the printer in time to avoid the two men walking in to see it.)

MORRIS: May I ask what youre doing here, Agent Scully?

SCULLY: Are you following me?

MORRIS: Agent Mulders residence is under surveillance. Please explain why youre here.

SCULLY: I was told by the Assistant Director that Mulder was gone.

MORRIS: So?

SCULLY: So, whenever hes away, I feed his fish.

(They look at the fish tank. Scully smiles and walks to it as another man picks up the paper.)

MAN: What the hell is this?

(He gives it to Morris.)

MORRIS: Looks like a self-test the computer does.

(He crumples it up and tosses it in the wastebasket. Scully watches him then pulls off the lid and spills out some of the food on the shelf.)

SCULLY: Damn.

MORRIS: Just dump it in the tank.

(Scully looks at him.)

SCULLY: That would be bad for the fish.

(She takes the paper out of the wastebasket, uncrumples it, and sweeps the food into the paper. She crumples the paper up and bends down to the wastebasket. While pretending to throw it away, she sticks it up her trenchcoat sleeve. She then leaves.)




SCENE 13
NATIONAL ASTRONOMY & IONOSPHERE CENTER; ARECIBO, PUERTO RICO
(Mulder rewinds the tape on the recorder to the beginning. He then feeds the reel into the other and takes a drink of water. He turns on the flashlight and looks towards the door that reads "Lavatory." He walks over to it and opens the door. As he opens it, a man screams and throws a washbasin at him.)

JORGE CONCEPCION: No me lastime! No me lastime!
(TRANSLATION: Dont hurt me! Dont hurt me!)

MULDER: Who are you? Who are you? What are you doing here?

JORGE CONCEPCION: Por favor, no me lastime! Yo tengo mucho miedo!
(TRANSLATION: "Please, dont hurt me! I have a lot of fear!")

(The man whimpers in the corner. Mulder looks at him and walks towards him slowly.)

MULDER: Thats all right, settle down. Settle down.

JORGE CONCEPCION: Tenemos que irnos aqui.
(TRANSLATION: "We have to leave now.")

MULDER: Hablo inglese? (TRANSLATION:> Mulder probably wants to say "Hablas ingles?" which means "You speak english?")

(The man shakes his head no.)

MULDER: Name? Nombre? Nombre? (TRANSLATION:> "Name? Name?")

JORGE CONCEPCION: Jorge... me llamo Jorge Concepcion. (TRANSLATION:> "Jorge... my name is Jorge Concepcion.")

MULDER: Jorge, why are you so afraid? What have you seen?

(He points to his eyes. Concepcion points up.)

JORGE CONCEPCION: Luces en el cielo. Rojo, azul, anaranjaro. Pense que una avioneta habia entrado de los arboles. Pero cuando llegue... vi hombres... como animales... pero no hombres. Me agarraron y me pusieron aqui. Todavia estan en el bosque! (TRANSLATION: "Lights in the sky. Red, blue, orange. I thought it was an airplane that had to go through the trees. But when I got there... I saw men... like animals... but not men. They took me and put me here. Theyre still out in the woods!")

MULDER: Jorge, no comprende! Did you say men? Hombres?

(Concepcion grabs Mulders pen and draws on the wall. Mulder looks at the picture in wonder. It is obviously of something not of this world.)




SCENE 14
U.S. NAVAL OBSERVATORY; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Dr. Troisky is looking at the print-out. Scully sits across from him at the desk.)

TROISKY: Looks like the "wow" signal.

SCULLY: The "wow" signal?

TROISKY: Ohio State has a radio telescope that conducts electronic searches for extraterrestrial intelligence. In August 1977, my buddy, Jerry Ehman, found a transmission on the print-out like this. He was so excited, he wrote "wow" in the margins.

SCULLY: What was there?

(He takes off his glasses and stands.)

TROISKY: A signal thirty times stronger than galactic background noise. It came through on the twenty-one centimeter frequency which no satellite transmitters are allowed to use.

(He sits down on the desk.)

TROISKY: The signal was intermittent... like morse code. And more importantly, the signal seemed to turn itself on while in the telescopes beam. The "Wow" signal is the best evidence of extraterrestrial intelligence. But this... this is better. Where did you get this?

SCULLY: Maybe you can tell me. Is that from Ohio State?

(He looks at it then stands, going back to his desk.)

TROISKY: Cant tell. There are a few nickel-and-dime S.E.T.I. projects around. U.C. Berkeley has one. The Planetary Society has one in Harvard and in Argentina.

(He sits.)

TROISKY: NASA was working out of one in, uh... Goldstone in California and Arecibo in Puerto Rico.

(Scully sighs.)




SCENE 15
F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully has stacks and stacks of papers on her desk. She pulls another one off of a pile. The heading reads:

"AIRLINE PASSENGER MANIFEST
Washington DC - Buenos Aires, AR
WAS BUE
SCA # 397 7 JUL"

There is a list of people underneath. She flips to the next one. It reads:

"AIRLINE PASSENGER MANIFEST
ORG: Washington, DC
- Miami, Fla.
- San Juan, PR

WAS MAI SJU
SCA # 184 7 JUL
1. Alves, Paulette
2. Anglin, Donald
3. Bartle, Sylvia
4. Berreman, Xinh
5. Brice, Sarah
6. Brown, Kelly
7. Carstensen, Tere
8. Celio, Gail
9. Chen, Cliff
10. Dawson, Hayden
11. Dawson, Lori
12. Erickson, Harley
13. Ferguson, Garn
14. Giannini, Jodi
15. Gompf, Jan
16. Gonzalez, Pat
17. Gostin, Jeff
18. Grant, Charles
19. Grant, Betty
20. Hale, George
21. Harris, Andrew
22. Harris, Melissa
23. Hill, Linda Lee
24. Hill, Scott
25. Hofmann, Elika"

Her finger traces down the list, then goes back up to Hale.)

SCULLY: Mulder.




SCENE 16
NATIONAL ASTRONOMY & IONOSPHERE CENTER; ARECIBO, PUERTO RICO
(All the machines are uncovered and on. Concepcion walks around looking at them while Mulder sits, looking at the print-out. He starts talking into his tape recorder. The rain pours hard outside.)

MULDER: The signal from 0630, Tuesday. The narrow band and exact matching of the antenna pattern indicates that it originated from beyond lunar distance. But the same message is trans...

(Jorge pushes a button and the machine beeps twice. Mulder spins around.)

No, Jorge! Dont touch that red button. No-ho on the rojo.

(Jorge nods slightly.)

Thanks.

(He turns back to the print-out as thunder cracks outside. He speaks into the recorder.)

The same message was transmitted four hours later on a wide band... which puts its point of origin very close... just miles away from...

(The reel player in the back flips on and Mulder stands. Concepcion has a look of fear on his face. The message is the Voyager transmission again. Bach plays in the back. The voice is very scratchy and rough.)

KURT WALDHEIM ON MACHINE: I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet.

(The speaking continues in the background.)

JORGE CONCEPCION: Son ellos! Han regresaron! (TRANSLATION: "Its them! Theyve come back!")

MULDER: Its just a tape machine, Jorge!

(Concepcion grabs Mulders arms.)

JORGE CONCEPCION: Vamanos! Vamanos immediamente, por favor! (TRANSLATION: "We go! We go immediately, please!")

MULDER: Where are we going to go? Theres a storm outside.

(The message turns into a high-pitched ringing so bad that Mulder and Concepcion both cover their ears. Concepcion inches back towards the door as Mulder moves towards the machine.)

You cant be afraid, Jorge!

KURT WALDHEIM ON MACHINE: ...and all its inhabitant are but a small part of the...

(Mulder turns it off.)

You cant be afraid...

(He turns back to see the door swinging open. Running through the woods, he shines his flashlight all around.)

Jorge! Jorge! Jorge! Jorge!

(As he walks forward, something catches his eye. He spins to his left and sees Concepcion, dead, leaning back against the tree, arms raised and face scrunched. He looks purely terrified.)




SCENE 17
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
(Scully folds up her newspaper. She is sitting.)

WOMAN ON P.A. SYSTEM: ...please proceed immediately to Gate 16.

(She then repeats the message in Spanish. Scully takes out her compact and starts applying her make-up. In the mirror, she looks at the people behind her, trying to see if she has someone tailing her. Seeing no one, she closes it up.)

Attention, please.

(The P.A. system cannot be heard legibly over the people talking behind her. She walks over to another part of the terminal. A couple watches her, then the man signals in her direction when she disappears from view. They pick up their things and start towards her direction. Scully walks back out and looks at them. They look away from her. Scully walks past them and they watch her. She goes to the payphones, puts a few pieces of change in, and dials a number. Cut to Mulders apartment. Agent Morris partner is sitting at Mulders desk, pen and pad in hand. The answering machine picks up Scullys call.)

MULDER ON ANSWERING MACHINE: Hello. This is Fox Mulder, leave a message please.

(It beeps.)

SCULLY: C.A 519. 7:05. 9:50.

(The agent scrambles to write it down. Scully hangs up and looks at a hot dog stand. The owner of it folds down the glass cover to the front. In the reflection, Scully sees the two sitting down. The woman looks towards Scully. Scully sighs and makes another call.)

MESSAGE: At the tone, Eastern Daylight Time will be 5:47 and forty seconds.

(There is a tone. The two agents are still seated.)

WOMAN ON P.A. SYSTEM: Attention, passengers. Flight 1535 is now boarding at gate two.

(The agents stand up and look around. The woman looks towards the payphones and sees that Scully is gone. She walks over to the payphones, but Scully is nowhere to be found. She walks back over to the male agent.)

MALE AGENT: Relax, we know where shes going... St. Croix. Caribbean Air flight 519. It leaves at five after seven. Gates in the other terminal.

(They walk away. On the upper level, watching them, leaning over the railing, is Scully. She walks over to the ticket booth for SouthCoast Airlines.)

SCULLY: Id like a ticket on the 6:30 flight to San Juan.




SCENE 18
NATIONAL ASTRONOMY & IONOSPHERE CENTER; ARECIBO, PUERTO RICO
(Jorge is laid out on a table. Mulder stands over him, then brings the tape recorder to his mouth. His breathing is heavy and ragged.)

MULDER: The day is... the time is 10:30. Although not a qualified pathologist, I will record my observations of the body in case at some future time, decomposition should obscure forensic evidence.

(He walks around to the side of the body and keeps walking slowly.)

The subject, perhaps victim... is hispanic male, undetermined age. There are no overt external injuries apparent. There are no indications of any lightning strikes. No singeing of the air or burns of any kind. There are no... there are no puncture wounds due to needles or probes commonly associated with cases of alien abduction.

(He stops on the other side.)

The subject was discovered in sitting position. Riger mortis having set in, a little less than half an hour had elapsed. The skin is strikingly affected by goose flesh. The body shows signs of intense cadaveric spasm. The expression reflects...

(He leans in and looks at Jorges face.)

My God, Scully. Its as if hes been frightened to death.

(He stops the recorder. He then walks away from the body and presses record.)

Again, Scully, nothing but evidence... and again, no evidence at all.

(He walks over to the print-outs.)

The print-outs received in the transmission indicate contact with another lifeform and yet I cannot see them. Even if I could see them, would they really be there? How do I know this isnt some classified military satellite? These transmissions are from the Voyager, for Gods sake. Could extraterrestrials really have intercepted them? Or is this just some elaborate joke played on those who want to believe?

(He throws the print-out down in anger and walks around.)

I was sent here by one of those people. Deep Throat said "Trust no one." And thats hard, Scully... suspecting everyone, everything. It wears you down. You even begin to doubt what you know is the truth.

(He sits down on the desk.)

Before, I could only trust myself. Now, I can only trust you... and theyve taken you away from me. My life up to this point has been about the need to see her again. To see them. But what would I do if they really came?

(He looks over to Jorge. There is a rumbling and a rattling. He stops the tape recorder and puts it down, then walks over to beside Concepcion. The noise is coming from all around him. The recorder moves on the table. Glass starts breaking, having fallen off from where they were. Red and blue lights start flashing and the high-pitched ringing from before begins. The lights are shining through the door window. The printer starts rattling off pages of information. The reel player starts. The voice is very elongated and deep.)

PLAYER: Deep... Throat... said... "Trust... no... one..." Deep... Throat... said... "Trust... no... one..." Deep... Throat... said... "Trust... no... one..." Deep... Throat... said... "Trust... no... one..."

(Mulder rewinds his tape recorder and plays it.)

MULDER ON RECORDER: I was sent here by one of those people. Deep Throat said "Trust no one."

PLAYER: Trust no one.

(The door flings open and wind gushes in.)

MULDER: No!

(He runs to the door and slams it shut, bolting it. He pushes a machine over and it falls, ripping the plug from the wall. Sparks fly everywhere. Mulder backs up and knocks down the table. He looks down at Concepcions body. The ringing and the lights subside. The wind grows louder outside. He walks over to the door window and a bright light suddenly shines in his face. The lock unbolts and the machine flies out from in the front of the door. Mulder runs to his bag and takes out his gun. The doorknob slowly turns and the door opens. Mulder points his gun at the alien, but it does not fire, despite his trying. He takes his clip out, checks it, then puts it back in. He looks to the door and sees a familiar inhuman silhouette. The light engulfs the room. Later, Scully shines the flashlight in Mulders face. His eyes slowly open. Scully sighs in relief.)

SCULLY: I was sure you were dead. Mulder? Its Scully. Dana Scully. Do you know where you are?

(He tries to sit up. She grabs his wrist and helps him to stand up.)

MULDER: They came, Scully... the ones that took her. They were here.

(He puts his hands on her shoulders.)

SCULLY: Here?

(She puts her hand on his forehead.)

Or here?

(Mulder goes to the tape recorder.)

MULDER: On the tapes... the tape. Evidence. Proof.

(He runs to the massive pile of print-out on the floor.)

And the transmissions, its all here.

SCULLY: Proof of what?

MULDER: Contact. And these print-outs... its here. And the man...

(He overturns a table to reveal Concepcions body. Scully is shocked.)

Well have to examine the body. Therell be more proof.

(There is a rumbling. Mulder stands.)

SCULLY: Is that them?

MULDER: No, this isnt it.

(He runs out the door and looks through his binoculars. He sees an army van driving up to the site and runs back inside.)

Its the Blue Berets Crash Retrieval Team. Theyll kill us. Help me with the body.

(He runs to Concepcion.)

SCULLY: We dont have time.

MULDER: Help me!

SCULLY: Mulder, were never going to be able to get the body out of the country!

(The van makes its way up the hill. Mulder grabs the print-outs and starts rifling through them. Scully grabs his arm.)

Mulder, we have to go. Evidence is worthless if youre dead!

(Mulder throws down the paper, looks out the door, and takes the reel. They run out just as the truck reaches the site. They jump into their truck as the van pulls up behind them.)

MAN: Lets go!

(The man pushes down the barrier in the back and men start running out. Mulder jams on the accelerator as the berets start firing with assault rifles. Scully ducks down as the berets make a formation and fire after them. The commander runs up when Mulder and Scully turn the corner out of the line of fire.)

COMMANDER: Hold your fire!

(They stop firing.)

Get that truck to the bottom of the hill.

MAN: Yes, sir.

COMMANDER: Move, come on, soldiers, move!

(The troops run back into the van as Mulder and Scully speed through branches and foliage. The truck goes airborne as it speeds off a small hill in the road, crashing down a few feet later. As the army van races down the road, Mulder and Scullys vehicle suddenly jolts in a diagonal path as it races down a downward slope. It swerves out and onto a dirt road. Mulder jerks the wheel and they go flying over a log. Scully looks behind to see the van approaching.)

SCULLY: Mulder...

(Mulder makes a very sharp left down another short hill and swerves right onto another gravel path, then speeds away. The army van, unable to follow, stops. The commander gets out of the passengers side, takes off his sunglasses and watches them drive off.)

COMMANDER: Damn it.

(He gets back in. Scully looks at Mulder, who looks focused, then down at the reel at her feet.)




SCENE 19
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR WALTER SKINNER'S OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man is standing, looking out the window and smoking. Skinner walks around his desk towards Mulder.)

SKINNER: You left your offsite set-up. Another brick agent had to cover your ass. The entire surveillance, all the months of work on this case, gone.

(He walks away, then turns around.)

Just like you, gone. This has four-bagger all over it, Mulder. Censure, transfer, suspension, probation.

MULDER: I understand that leaving my assignment warrants disciplinary action and Im willing to accept those measures.

SKINNER: But?

MULDER: But I had enough on that surveillance to arrest those suspects. After three days, I could have nailed them on forty counts of bank fraud but you left me there. Im surprised you even noticed I was gone, let alone wiretap my phone... an illegal procedure without a court order.

(Skinner looks at the Cigarette-Smoking Man in shock. The Cigarette-Smoking Man stubs out his cigarette in his ashtray and walks over to Mulder.)

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Your time is over... and you leave with nothing.

SKINNER: Get out.

(Mulder looks at Skinner, who is staring at the Cigarette-Smoking Man. The Cigarette-Smoking Man continues to stare at Mulder, thinking that Skinner is talking to Mulder.)

I said get the hell out.

(The Cigarette-Smoking Man looks at Skinner in shock, realizing that he was talking to him. Skinner continues to glare at him. He takes his hand out of his pocket, takes his cigarettes and lighter. He puts one in his mouth and lights it as the other two watch. He then walks out.)

Report back to your assignment.

(Skinner walks back to his desk.)

MULDER: A minute ago, I was a four-bagger. Do you want me to make the arrests?

SKINNER: I think we need more to go on.

(He sits down.)

Continue the surveillance.

(Mulder walks out. The Cigarette-Smoking Mans cigarette still smokes in the ashtray.)




SCENE 20
LONGSTREET MOTEL; WASHINGTON, D.C.; WIRETAP #5A21147
(Scully and Mulder sit at a table with the tape player. Mulder plays the reel that he got, but nothing comes out.)

MULDER: It should be right here.

(He rewinds it, then presses play. It runs shortly until the tape ends. Still nothing.)

The entire tape is blank.

(He takes it off.)

SCULLY: You know, an electrical surge in the outlet the storm may have degaussed everything, erasing the entire tape.

(He puts the tape down.)

You still have nothing.

MULDER: I may not have the X-Files, Scully, but I still have my work.

(He stands and adjusts the player.)

And Ive still got you.

(She looks at him.)

And I still have myself.

(He sits down, puts his headphones on, and presses play.)

MAN #2: Well, whats the difference between a lap dance and a table dance?

MAN #1: A lap dance, theyre all over you.

MAN #2: A lap dance cost what? All right, all right. Tell me the best spot. Where?

(Scully puts her hand on his and goes to the door.)

MAN #1: Paramount. But you got to spend money.

MAN #2: Im there.

MAN #1: Wednesday.

(Scully looks back at Mulder, who looks up at her.)

MAN #2: She dancing?

MAN #1: No, well go Wednesday. Thats amateur night.

(Scully walks out.)

MAN #2: Amateur night. Nice touch.

MAN #1: Theyre not really amateurs but there are some differences.

(Mulder puts the reel on the player.)

MAN #2: Yeah, you sure?

MAN #1: If you dont mind spending a little money. The girls are all over you.

(The men continue talking, but their voices are overshadowed by Mulders rewinding of the Arecibo reel. After a few seconds, he presses play. Still nothing.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
ATLANTIC OCEAN; TWO MILES OFF THE COAST OF NEW JERSEY
(A Russian freighter is out at sea. A man is yelling and pounding on some pipes in the bowels of the ship. Another man walks towards him. He steps in water and opens the door to the bathroom. The toilets are flooding. He walks down into he boiler room. Men are yelling in Russian. A Russian engineer picks up the phone. [ = Denotes lines in Russian, subtitles given.)

RUSSIAN ENGINEER: [ Engine room... ]

(Some yelling can be heard over the phone. After a short while, he hangs up the phone and walks over to a young man coming down the stairs.)

[ Dmitri! ]

DMITRI: [ Yeah? ]

RUSSIAN ENGINEER: [ Hey! I've got a job for you. ]

(Dmitri climbs down. He starts to unscrew the bolts from the gate into the tanks. The engineer walks over.)

[ The system is backed-up. The blockage must be removed before the tanks can be purged. ]

DMITRI: [ Why is this always my job? ]

RUSSIAN ENGINEER: [ Because you are young. And because it is terrible, smelly work. ]

(He laughs and walks away. Dmitri opens the gate to the tanks and steps back, holding his breath due to the smell. He looks inside with a flashlight and puts his head in, looking around for the blockage. Something grabs him by the neck and pulls his head in. He pulls his head out long enough to scream, then is pulled down again. His only support is his foot stuck in the step. Just as it is pulled out, the engineer and other men run over, screaming in Russian and trying to hold on. It is no avail, however, as the monster inside proves stronger, dragging Dmitri inside. The men are starting to freak out.)

[ Flush the tanks! Flush the tanks! ]

(Men run off, repeating this. The water starts to filter out, and whatever is inside of it as well.)




SCENE 2
LONGSTREET MOTEL; WASHINGTON, D.C.; FEDERAL WIRETAP #5A21147
(Mulder is still on wiretap duty. A box of Chinese food resides near the reel-to-reel player.)

MAN #1: Dave says he would set it up in the Carsell's village.

MAN #2: Yeah, well, Dave's a stand-up guy. If he's putting it together, you'd be a fool to pass it up.

(Mulder less than cares. He has put his pen through his styrofoam cup and spins it around. A large pile of sunflower seed shells sits on the desk.)

MAN #1: Yeah, yeah, I hear you. I just...

MAN #2: You just what?

MAN #1: When you want to take a dip, you got to test the water. You just don't want to get wet.

MAN #2: No, man. Dippage is sacred.

(Mulder puts down the cup, then puts a seed down on the desk. He flicks it into the cup like a soccer kick. The door to the room opens. Mulder squints at the sudden intrusion of light.)

BRISENTINE: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

BRISENTINE: You're being relieved from your current assignment. Agent Bozoff will take over.

(He motions for the agent next to him to go to the desk, which he does.)

You've got a flight to catch in forty-five minutes.

(Mulder takes off the headphones and stands, still chewing on seeds.)

MULDER: Where am I going?

BRISENTINE: Murder case. Newark, New Jersey.

(He hands Bozoff the bag of sunflower seeds.)

MULDER: Treat yourself.

BRISENTINE: You're flying out of National. Your contact in Newark is Detective Norman.

(He hands Mulder his plane ticket as they head to the door. Mulder struggles to tie his tie while carrying his coat and the ticket.)

MULDER: How did I draw the assignment?

BRISENTINE: Assistant Director Skinner made the request.

MULDER: Skinner requested me?

(They walk out.)




SCENE 3
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY
(Sirens wail as another police car pulls up to a scene. Young children watch from the building across the way. The coroner's office is there as well. Mulder pulls up to the scene and gets out. He flashes his badge to the nearest police officer, who points to Detective Norman down the way. Mulder flashes his badge once he reaches him.)

MULDER: Mulder, F.B.I.

NORMAN: My forensics team's just wrapping up. We left the body where we found it. Kenny!

(A police officer brings over the dead man's boots.)

This is one case I'm going to be happy to turn over to you guys.

(Later, Mulder gags and coughs as he enters the sewer down the manhole. Police officers are waiting, as well as Norman. He steps into the cold water and groans at the smell.)

Watch yourself.

(The group starts to walk along, most of them carrying flashlights, including Norman.)

MULDER: Yeah, wouldn't want to step in anything.

NORMAN: They say it cuts the smell if you don't breathe through your mouth.

MULDER: They lied.

(Mulder takes out his flashlight and the pack moves along slowly.)

Who found the body?

NORMAN: Sanitation worker.

(They reach the body of poor Dmitri. In the dim light, Mulder sees how badly decomposed the body is. It is barely recognizable as anything human, laying face down in the water.)

Looks like it's been here a while.

MULDER: Any I.D.?

NORMAN: No. Not much to go on either. Front side of the body is pretty much eaten away. Would you like us to turn him over for you?

MULDER: No, I'll take your word on that.

(He starts back towards where they came from.)

NORMAN: Hey, Agent Mulder. What would you like us to do with the body?

(Mulder keeps walking.)

MULDER: Wrap it up and send it to the F.B.I., care of Assistant Director Skinner.




SCENE 4
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is standing in Skinner's secretary's office, pacing, looking at his watch. He paces back and forth, restlessly, till the door to Skinner's office opens and the secretary walks out.)

SECRETARY: Yes, sir.

SKINNER: Thank you.

(She closes the door. Mulder walks up to her.)

MULDER: I need to speak to him.

SECRETARY: I'm sorry, Mister Skinner's unavailable. Would you like to take a seat?

MULDER: Will you tell him that I'm here and I need to speak with him? Now.

(She glares slightly.)

SECRETARY: Certainly.

(She opens the door and looks in. Skinner is standing, looking at a paper. Mulder stands in front of the doorway.)

Excuse me, Mister Skinner. I'm very sorry to interrupt, but Agent Mulder is demanding to see you.

(Skinner walks up to Mulder, still standing in his office.)

SKINNER: Is there a problem, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah, there is.

SKINNER: Then make an appointment.

(He turns away.)

MULDER: It's kind of hard to make an appointment when you're up to your ass in raw sewage, being jerked around from one meaningless assignment to another.

(Skinner looks back at him.)

SKINNER: Excuse me?

MULDER: What's my next punishment, scrubbing the bathroom floors with a toothbrush?

SKINNER: You're way out of line, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: So I gathered.

SKINNER: Fine. Come into my office, Agent Mulder, please.

(Mulder walks in, but the anger fades when he realizes he has interrupted a board meeting. Everyone is staring at Mulder.)

Agent Mulder, would you please inform the room as to why you regard your homicide case in New Jersey as meaningless?

MULDER: It seemed to me like a simple drugland body dump, not the type of case the F.B.I. normally wastes it's time and manpower on.

SKINNER: Certainly, Agent Mulder, given your recent history here, you're not one to judge what is or is not a waste of the bureau's time or manpower.

MULDER: Sir, my work on the X-Files...

SKINNER: The X-Files have been closed, Agent Mulder. You will carry out your new assignments and investigate them to the best of your ability. Is that not clear?

MULDER: Yeah.

SKINNER: And I'll be anticipating your field reports on your current homicide case. Thank you.

(Mulder, looking stoic, walks out. Skinner throws the paper down on the desk.)




SCENE 5
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder sits on a park bench, looking out at the Washington Monument. Scully walks up to him.)

SCULLY: Is this seat taken?

MULDER: No. But I should warn you, I'm experiencing violent impulses.

SCULLY: Well, I'm armed, so I'll take my chances.

(She sits down and sighs.)

I hear you really endeared yourself to Assistant Director Skinner today.

MULDER: You know, sometimes, it just gets really hard to smile through it when they ask you to bend down and grab your ankles. You know?

SCULLY: It's not exactly as if you've ever tried to fit into the program.

MULDER: No. No, I've been thinking a lot about that lately. I've been thinking about leaving.

SCULLY: The bureau?

(Mulder sighs and shakes his head.)

What would you do?

MULDER: Pursue my work in the paranormal somehow.

SCULLY: Y, you could request a transfer to Quantico. Come back to the Behavioral Science Unit.

(He sighs and stands.)

MULDER: They don't want us working together, Scully... and right now, that's the only reason I can think of to stay.

SCULLY: Wh, what about this case you're working on?

MULDER: It's a zero.

SCULLY: Where's the body?

(Mulder sighs.)

MULDER: They transferred it to our forensics lab. Look, Scully, I know what you're trying to do.

SCULLY: Maybe I can request to do the autopsy.

MULDER: It's an exercise. Skinner is just rubbing my nose in this one. There's nothing to it.

SCULLY: There's a dead body, isn't there?




SCENE 6
FBI NATIONAL ACADEMY; QUANTICO, VIRGINIA
(Scully, wearing gloves and goggles, turns on the examination light, which has a camera attached, and unzips the bodybag. The stench is so unbearable, she groans and covers her nose. She finishes unzipping it. Afterwards, the body is out of the bag and she is speaking out loud, presumably into a nearby tape recorder. She has a notepad in hand.)

SCULLY: Examination and autopsy of John Doe number one-zero-one-three-five-six. Case number D-P-one-one-two-one-four-eight. Special Agent Fox Mulder, field investigator. Body is an adult male, with advanced tissue decomposition, weighing a hundred and sixty-five pounds in extremis, sixty-nine inches in length. Intact skin is mottled and discolored, due to submergence in and exposure to a highly bacterial environment. Cause and time of death unknown.

(She looks at his brownish forearm, which has what looks to be a tattoo in foreign letters.)

Possible identifying mark on right forearm.

(She takes a scalpel out. Later, she looks down at the body.)

Body cavities appear normal. Interior organs intact. Consistent in rate of decomposition.

(She takes a pair of cutters out.)

Removing the rib cage.

(Some cutting sounds are heard, as well as some slashing. Later, a perfect rectangle has been cut in the man's chest. The organs are clearly visible, even though they are covered and surrounded in a grayish liquid.)

Condition of heart and lungs are good. No sign of thrombi, natural degenerate diseases, indicate victim was probably a young adult. The liver shows some nodular hardening, consistent with incipient alcoholism.

(A small flat, gray worm peeks out from inside the liver. Scully is taken aback.)

Oh, God!

(Scully takes the forceps and peels back the outer layer of the liver. She latches onto the small organism and starts to pull it out.)




SCENE 7
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY
(A workman goes down into the sewer, the manhole off. He is wearing black work suspenders. Another workman lowers him a tool case.)

WORKMAN #2: Put it away.

WORKMAN #1: Got it.

(He puts it down and opens it up. The second workman comes down. The first one takes out a rope then, taking the flashlight from around his neck, climbs down into the water. He walks over to a part of the fence on the sewer pipe that is ripped out.)

I'm going to need a big piece of thirty gauge and some bailing wire.

WORKMAN #2: I got to go back up top for the screen.

(He walks back up the ladder. The first workman unties the large piece of wood that had gotten caught, then puts it up on the ledge. He screams as he is dragged under. He remains there for a few seconds, the water bubbling, till he surfaces.)

WORKMAN #1: Hey! Help!

(The second workman climbs down.)

WORKMAN #2: Craig! Craig! Craig!

(He runs over just as the first workman is dragged under again.)

Craig! Hey, Craig!

(He surfaces, gasping, being pulled out towards the hole. The second one throws him a rope.)

Hold on! Craig!

(The first workman doesn't catch the rope, but holds on to the grate.)

Craig!

(The second workman tosses him the rope again. Craig screams and catches it.)

Hold on, man! Hold on! Oh, my God! Hold on! Hold on!

(Slowly, Craig is dragged onto the ledge, gasping for air. The second workman sees a tear in his shirt and the flesh beneath it has been torn up, looking like raw meat.)

Oh my God. I'm going to get help!

(He runs out. The first workman looks to the sewer grate.)




SCENE 8
MIDDLESEX COUNTY HOSPITAL; SAYREVILLE, NEW JERSEY
(Doctor Zenzola is shining her penlight in Craig's eyes, which naturally dilate.)

ZENZOLA: I'm going to give you a tetanus booster just as a precaution.

WORKMAN #1: I'd be happy if you'd just give me something to get this taste out of my mouth.

ZENZOLA: Oh, yeah?

(Mulder walks in. The first workman is sitting on the examination table, wearing a hospital gown.)

Let me take a look. "Aaaah."

(The first workman opens his mouth. She shines her penlight.)

Any trouble swallowing?

WORKMAN #1: Uh-uh.

(She hands him a piece of gum.)

ZENZOLA: It'll go away.

(She turns to Mulder.)

Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

(They walk into the back room.)

ZENZOLA: New York P.D. referred me to you. I was surprised to hear the F.B.I. was involved. Is there something here I should know?

MULDER: I don't know, maybe you can tell me.

(He checks his watch.)

ZENZOLA: The patient is a sanitation worker. He claims he was attacked by something down in the sewer this morning.

(She starts over to a cabinet.)

MULDER: Attacked? By what?

ZENZOLA: We've been unable to determine.

(She reaches into the cabinet and pulls a needle and some liquid.)

Initially, I thought it was just a disability claim... but he appears to be telling the truth.

MULDER: What's his condition?

(She begins filling the needle with the tetanus booster.)

ZENZOLA: He's in satisfactory health. I've given him a heavy course of antibiotics... and we're checking for hepatitis. He does have a strange wound on his back.

MULDER: What kind of wound?

ZENZOLA: Uh, it could be some kind of bacterial infection. Frankly, I can't say I've ever seen anything like it.

(She walks back over to her patient. He follows.)

This is Agent Mulder of the F.B.I.

MULDER: Any idea what attacked you?

WORKMAN #1: Yeah, I've been thinking it might have been a python.

(She delivers the shot, jamming the needle into his arm rather harshly.)

MULDER: A python?

WORKMAN #1: Yeah, or a boa constrictor. Somebody probably flushed a pet snake down the toilet. I found an alligator in the sewer a couple of years ago. It was stronger than hell, I'll tell you that, clamped onto me like a vise.

(Zenzola walks around and pulls back the taped bandages, looking at the wound.)

ZENZOLA: It almost looks like a bite.

(Mulder walks around and looks. The workman sighs. The bite has a hole in the middle, then four slashes like teeth moving in diagonal motions from all four corner directions. His cell phone rings.)

MULDER: Oh, excuse me.

(He steps away and answers it.)

Mulder.

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me. I need to see you, I've got something here I think you should know about.

MULDER: What is it?

(Cut to Scully, sitting at her desk. The phone is on speaker phone. She's reading over her notes.)

SCULLY: Some kind of parasite near John Doe. I'm having it looked at, but I should know more by the time you get down here.

MULDER: Well, I'm up in Jersey. I should be taking the shuttle down in about an hour.

(He hangs up and walks over to the other two people in the room.)

WORKMAN #1: When can I get out of here? I'd just like to go home.

(Mulder's phone rings again.)

MULDER: Oh, excuse me, sorry.

(He turns around and answers it. Cut to an unknown location, a dark room.)

Scully, this is a bad time for me to talk.

X: Mister Mulder.

(Cut to Mulder, who has no clue who he's talking to.)

MULDER: Yeah.

(Cut to the mysterious man, who looks out the window from his office.)

X: I think you should know... you have a friend at the F.B.I.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Who is this?

(Cut to the mysterious man, who hangs up. Cut back to Mulder, who does the same.)

ZENZOLA: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah?

ZENZOLA: If you don't have any more questions, I'm going to release this man.

MULDER: Okay, go ahead.

(Zenzola and the workman talk. Mulder looks confused about this last phone call.)




SCENE 9
FBI NATIONAL ACADEMY; QUANTICO, VIRGINIA
(Mulder walks down the dark hallway into Scully's office.)

SCULLY: Close the door.

(He walks back up the stairs in her office and closes the door, then walks over to her. She hands him a glass with the parasite resting in a liquid.)

It's called Turbellaria, or it's commonly known as a fluke or flatworm.

MULDER: This was living inside the body?

SCULLY: Apparently, it had attached itself to the bile duct and was feeding off the liver.

MULDER: Lovely.

SCULLY: Believe it or not, something like forty million people are infected worldwide.

(He puts the jar down on the desk.)

MULDER: This isn't where you tell me some terrible story about sushi, is it?

SCULLY: Well, maybe you'd rather hear what you can catch from a nice, rare steak.

MULDER: So, what, the murder weapon was a top sirloin?

SCULLY: Flukes are endemic in unsanitary conditions. It's more likely that the victim contracted it down inside the sewer.

MULDER: Before or after he died?

SCULLY: I don't know. According to my sources, it's unlikely that a single parasite could have killed him. He was a young man. But the weird thing is, there's no other discernible cause of death.

MULDER: How do these parasites attach themselves?

SCULLY: They have what's called a scolex... it's a sucker-like mouth with four hooking spikes.

(Mulder pulls out a picture of the wound on the back of the workman and hands it to her. The wound is nearly across half his entire back.)

MULDER: Anything like this?

SCULLY: Where'd you get that?

MULDER: Something attacked a workman in a New Jersey sewer this morning.

SCULLY: And you're asking me if this is from a fluke?

MULDER: Could it be?

SCULLY: M, Mulder, the scolex is a tiny little organ. This is a huge bite mark.

(He picks up the jar.)

MULDER: How big can these things get?

(She starts to laugh.)

SCULLY: Mulder, I...

(They stare at each other. Mulder really doesn't find anything funny.)

I'm sorry. It felt like old times there for a second.

(They share an uncomfortable silence for a few seconds.)

Flatworms are what are known as obligate endoparasites. They live inside the host, entering the body through the ingestion of larvae or eggs. They are not creatures that go around attacking people.

MULDER: Well, that's good. I didn't want to have to tell Skinner that his murder suspect was a giant, blood-sucking worm.

(She smiles.)

SCULLY: No.

MULDER: Well, at the very least, this will be interesting to the Newark Department of Sanitation.

(He picks up the jar, then thinks for a second.)

Look, Scully, I don't know who you shared our conversation with the other night, but I'd prefer if you didn't try to launch a campaign for me.

SCULLY: Excuse me?

MULDER: I don't know who you talked to...

SCULLY: I didn't talk to anybody.

MULDER: Well, somebody called me and told me I had a friend at the F.B.I.

(Scully looks shocked.)

SCULLY: Look, Mulder, I... I don't know what to say, but I, I, I wouldn't betray a confidence.

(They stare at each other, wondering.)




SCENE 10
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY
(The workman turns on the shower and unrobes himself, revealing the huge scar still on his back. He opens the medicine cabinet and takes out the toothpaste. Looking in the mirror, he applies some to his toothbrush, then starts to brush his teeth. He applies more, trying to get the taste out of his mouth. He brushes vigorously and, finding no relief from the taste, squirts some directly into his mouth. Swishing it around, chewing on it, he takes some water into his mouth and spits up a stream of blood and toothpaste, almost gagging on it. He looks at the mirror and wipes off some blood on his lips, shocked. He gets into the shower, relaxing in the water. He suddenly starts to choke, holding his throat. Blood drips out of his mouth as he tries to throw up. A large flukeworm slithers it's way out of his mouth and down the drain.)




SCENE 11
NEWARK COUNTY SEWAGE PROCESSING PLANT
(The foreman is taking Mulder on a grand tour of the facility.)

FOREMAN: City runs on several different systems... some new, some built around the turn of the century. Almost as old as Charlie here.

(He points to an older man walking by, wearing a hard-hat, writing something down on a clipboard.)

Isn't that right, Charlie?

CHARLIE: Oh, yes, sir.

(Charlie keeps walking, as does Mulder and the foreman. They walk over to an encased map.)

MULDER: What part of the sewer was I in?

FOREMAN: That'd be one of the older sections, big eight-foot tunnels.

MULDER: They look more like a catacomb than a sewer line.

FOREMAN: Yup, all the new sections are concrete pipe, not much of it bigger than twenty-four inches.

MULDER: And all the sewage comes through this plant?

FOREMAN: Five-hundred-and-sixty thousand people a day call my office on the porcelain telephone.

(Mulder smiles and pulls out the encased flukeworm.)

MULDER: Have you ever seen one of these?

FOREMAN: Looks like a big, old worm.

MULDER: It's called a fluke. It came from the body they pulled out of the sewer.

FOREMAN: Wouldn't surprise me. No telling what's been breeding down there in the last hundred years.

(Downstairs, the water is loud as it rumbles through as Charlie stands on a plank, smoking a cigarette. He hears a rumbling in the water underneath him and sees something swim beneath him. Charlie runs over to a pole with a built-in telephone. Upstairs, the foreman picks up the phone, which has a bright red light flashing.)

Ray here.

(Some talking can be heard.)

Yeah. Charlie, slow down.

(Mulder looks over. Downstairs, they run over to Charlie, who is standing at a system control.)

CHARLIE: I'm backflushing the system. It's in there.

MULDER: What is it?

CHARLIE: I don't know. It just swam right past me.

(He flips a switch.)

There it is.

(They walk over to a yellow-tube pipe. Charlie shines a flashlight on the thing's face. It's the Flukeman, a giant flukeworm that has human qualities. The scolex is highly evident. Ray and Mulder look at each other, then back at the monster.)




SCENE 12
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is reading a report on flatworms on her computer. She speaks over the scene as she writes her findings down.)

SCULLY: The turbellarian flatworms are free-living carnivorous scavengers, usually less than three centimeters in length, found in fresh and sea water. They are hermaphroditic with complex reproductive systems, capable of internal fertilization. Many species require more than one host to complete a life cycle. Although the shape of the wound on the sanitation worker suggest scolex attachment, the sheer size of the wound precludes involvement of the common flukeworm.

(She hears a rustling and looks to her door to see a tabloid magazine being slid under. Taking off her glasses, she walks over and picks it up. She opens her door and looks outside, but no one is around. Walking back inside, she flips through the tabloid at her desk. After looking through the usual nonsense, she finds a mysterious article with the headline "MONSTER ON BOARD!?" Under it, it reads "Bizarre accident on Russian cargo ship has officials suspicious." There is a picture of the ship. Scully looks up in realization, then turns to her computer. She calls up the pathology report and zooms in on the arm a few times. There is the tattoo. Her phone rings and she answers it slowly.)

Scully.

MULDER: Scully, it's me. You know that fluke you caught?

SCULLY: Yeah.

MULDER: It must have been the runt of the litter.

(Scully is rightfully confused.)




SCENE 13
MIDDLESEX COUNTY PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL
(Scully is looking through the window on the door into a small room, possibly a washroom, with a sink and various pipes in the corner.)

SCULLY: I don't see it.

(Mulder looks through and points.)

MULDER: There it is. Tucked away in the far corner, behind the pipes.

(Scully sees a large white object move behind the pipes.)

SCULLY: Oh my God.

MULDER: I don't know if you can see it from here, but it has no sex organs. It's genderless.

(The Flukeman glares at them from behind the pipes.)

SCULLY: Platyhelminthis are often hermaphroditic. Mulder, this is amazing. It's vestigial features appear to be parasitic, but it has primate physiology.

(Mulder nods.)

Where the hell did it come from?

MULDER: I don't know, but it looks like I'm going to have to tell Skinner that his suspect is a giant, blood-sucking worm after all.

(The Flukeman's head moves into the light.)

The only thing we're missing is the identity of the body in the sewer.

(They move away from the window.)

SCULLY: He was a Russian. An engineer on a cargo freighter. He had a tattoo on his forearm.

(She hands him a print-out of the close-up of his arm.)

I didn't make the connection until I detected that that was the name "Dmitri" spelled in Cyrillic lettering.

MULDER: How did you make the connection at all?

(She hands him the tabloid, folded open to the article.)

SCULLY: Somebody shoved this under my door. I guess you really do have a friend in the F.B.I. And, Mulder... when you see Skinner to hand in your field report, I know that it's your decision, but I hope that you know that I'd consider it more than a professional loss if you decided to leave.

(He smiles slightly, hands back the tabloid and print-out, then looks in at the angry Flukeman.)




SCENE 14
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner is flipping through Mulder's field report slowly, reading it carefully. Mulder sits across from him, waiting. Skinner scratches his neck a bit as he reads. Skinner finishes reading.)

SKINNER: Everything looks in order.

(Mulder chuckles.)

Is something wrong, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Well, that's just an unexpected response, considering the bizarre nature of the case... and of the suspect.

SKINNER: The strangeness of the criminal and the crime are not lost on me. I had my reaction to them this morning in my conversation with the federal prosecutor's office about how to process the suspect. This meeting... is to evaluate your work.

(Mulder sighs slightly.)

MULDER: There's no way you'll prosecute this.

SKINNER: The justice department has asked that the suspect be transferred to an institution for a full psychiatric evaluation.

(Mulder shakes his head.)

MULDER: This is not a man. It's a monster. You can't put it in an institution.

SKINNER: Then what do you do with it, Agent Mulder, put it in a zoo? It killed two people.

(Mulder leans back.)

MULDER: Two?

SKINNER: The sanitation worker who was attacked was found dead in his home as a result of his injuries.

(He flips through the file. Mulder stands to leave, but turns around and points at Skinner angrily.)

MULDER: You know, you had a pair of agents that could have handled a case like this. Agent Scully and I might have been able to save that man's life, but you shut us down.

SKINNER: I know. This should have been an X-File.

(Mulder searches for something to say. Skinner sighs.)

We all take our orders from someone, Agent Mulder. That'll be all.

(Mulder, looking disgusted, leaves.)




SCENE 15
MIDDLESEX COUNTY PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL
(Two workers wheel the Flukeman, strapped down, down a hall and into the Federal Marshall's ambulance truck. They close the door and one of them pats on the door.)

MAN: It's secure.

(The marhsall pulls out. The transmissions from the intercom can be heard blaring. The host struggles against his bonds.)

WOMAN: Charlie twenty-one, Charlie twenty-one, what's your E.T.A.?

(A mumbling response can be heard.)

Unit twenty, no further assist needed. They have the suspect in custody from the, uh...

(The driver looks back and sees that his passenger is gone.)

FEDERAL MARSHALL: This is vehicle forty-nine forty, requesting immediate back-up and assistance.

WOMAN: Roger forty-nine forty, roger forty-nine forty.

(The Marshall pulls over at the side of the road near a small park office. He takes his shotgun, pumps it, and walks out of the car slowly. Moving around to the back, he swings open the door, but there is no sight of his former hostage. He steps into the car and looks down at the straps, covered in residue. He wipes the goo off when he hears some hoarse breathing. The man's screams are heard far off. A shotgun blast goes off and he screams more. Hovering over the ambulance is a sign that reads:

"LAKE BETTY; NATURE'S PLAYGROUND
CAMPSITES AVAILABLE
LIVE BAIT
FISH... ALL YEAR ROUND!"

The words "Live Bait" are a neon sign, glowing. The Flukeman makes his way across the woods, crawling on the ground towards some portable toilets. He crawls into the second one and slithers down the bowl, where he sits, waiting for his next possible victim.)




SCENE 16
LAKE BETTY PARK; 5:27 am
(A truck backs up to the portable toilet. It's a tank cleaner service, and the worker gets out of the driver's seat and heads around back. He puts on rubber gloves and opens the door to the second portable toilet, then takes out a hose and fits it into the toilet. Flipping a lever, he stands back, smoking a cigarette, as the tube begins to suck out the waste. But the motor start to sputter as the engine strains to pull up something, obviously the Flukeman. The man checks the hose, making sure it works, and slowly the blocking object is sucked up the tube into the truck. The cleaning continues as normal.)




SCENE 17
LAKE BETTY PARK; 6:37 am
(Police cars and coroners have enveloped the last murder scene. The workers are also inspecting the ambulance. Mulder pulls up as the tank cleaner service truck rolls by. He walks up to Detective Norman.)

MULDER: What do you got?

NORMAN: Well, we got a dead Marshall and an escaped prisoner. Other than that, we got bubkis. We got a police line in a two-mile radius.

MULDER: Watch all the storm drains, any access to the sewer system. It's going to try to get back underground.

(His cellular phone rings. He answers it.)

Mulder.

(Cut to an unknown location. It's Mulder's mysterious contact.)

X: Mister Mulder, I will make this brief.

(Cut to Mulder. Norman talks to some of the other men.)

Success in your current assignment is imperative.

MULDER: Who am I speaking to?

X: Are you hearing me, Mister Mulder?

MULDER: Yes. Why is it imperative?

(Cut to the newfound informant.)

X: Reinstatement of the X-Files must be undeniable.

(He hangs up. Cut to Mulder, who hangs up. A police officer calls Norman on the walkie-talkie.)

MAN: K-nine, unit six-four, copy?

NORMAN: Six-four, copy.

MAN: Yeah, we're at a campsite approximately a quarter-mile from your position.

(Mulder walks over.)

Dogs tracked a scent to a chemical toilet here. Thought he might be hiding inside, but it's empty.

MULDER: The tanker.

NORMAN: Hold on, six-four.

(He looks at Mulder.)

What?

MULDER: What if he's on the tanker truck?

(He runs to his vehicle. Norman looks pretty dumbfounded.)




SCENE 18
NEWARK COUNTY; SEWAGE PROCESSING PLANT; 8:15 am
(Another tanker truck rolls down the road as Mulder hurriedly pulls up, unbuckles his seatbelt, and runs in the building. Later, he and the foreman are walking down a flight of stairs over the yard where the tanker trucks unload.)

FOREMAN: Company that owns the truck you're looking for doesn't keep detailed service records. They had about five trucks out in that area this morning.

(They stop walking. Under them, another truck starts to dump it's contents.)

Three of them have already deposited their loads.

MULDER: So he could have already been here and gone?

FOREMAN: If he hasn't, he will be.

MULDER: And every tanker dumps it's load here?

FOREMAN: It's a state law.

MULDER: Everything is processed through this plant?

FOREMAN: Yup.

(They start down the rest of the stairs.)

MULDER: Then what happens to it?

FOREMAN: Empties through an outlet pipe about five miles out to sea.

MULDER: Could this thing have escaped through that outlet pipe?

FOREMAN: Doubtful. The system's full of enough filters and screens that nothing much bigger than your little finger's going to get through. If it's here... it's going to be trapped here.

MULDER: Guess all we can do is wait.

(They stop and look out at the giant system of pipes. Later, Mulder is walking the planks, looking down into the water. Other men are doing this as well, including the foreman, inspecting the water. Mulder's cellular phone rings.)

Mulder.

SCULLY: It's me, where are you?

MULDER: I'm at the treatment plant. I was playing a hunch it might have gotten back into the system.

SCULLY: How?

MULDER: Forget it, it's stupid.

(Cut to Scully, sitting at a desk.)

SCULLY: Well, you're not going to like what I have to tell you?

MULDER: Why not?

SCULLY: It hadn't occurred to me, but I think that the fluke in the corpse might have been an incubating larva.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

This... creature, or whatever it is...

(Cut back to Scully.)

Is transmitting it's eggs or larvae through it's bite.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: You mean it's trying to reproduce?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: It's looking for hosts. It attacks because the victims' bodies provide generative nourishment. Mulder...

MULDER: Yeah...

SCULLY: If it finds a new host...

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: I know, Scully. It could multiply.

FOREMAN: Agent Mulder!

(Mulder pulls the phone from his ear and looks behind to see the foreman yelling to him.)

Linesman spotting something down in a section of pipe!

MULDER: Where?

(Inside, the foreman unrolls a blueprint of the pipe system. He points to a section.)

FOREMAN: Here.

MULDER: That's near where we found the first body.

FOREMAN: Right, except this is an old overflow system that dumps into the harbor during heavy rainfall.

MULDER: That must be where it got into the system.

(The foreman nods.)

It's working it's way back out to sea.

(They look at each other, worried. Mulder and the foreman race to a sewer grate where workers are standing by. Mulder grabs a flashlight from one of them and heads down. The foreman follows. Mulder has to cover his nose from the smell.)

Mmm...

(The foreman also has a flashlight. The waters are bubbling, moving quickly, and they walk on a plank above it, shining their flashlights down. The foreman shines his on a pipe.)

FOREMAN: That's the overflow pipe. It leads to another vault like this one, then it goes three-quarters of a mile to the sea.

MULDER: Let's see if we can get that gate closed.

(The foreman nods and crawls under the ledge. He stays close to the wall, careful not to fall in, then leans down and unchains the lever. He pulls on it.)

FOREMAN: It's rusted in position! See if I can get some leverage here.

(He tries harder. Mulder looks around the water desperately. He feels some water trickling down from above and wipes it off his shoulder. The foreman, however, slips and falls into the water with a short scream as he loses his footing.)

MULDER: Hey!

(The foreman stands up in the pretty shallow water, which comes up to his chest. He has no glasses on.)

FOREMAN: Aw, damn it!

MULDER: You all right?

FOREMAN: Yeah, I lost my... ah!

(He is pulled under. Mulder whips out his gun, searching for signs of the fluke. The foreman surfaces.)

Help! Help!

(Mulder gets down on the plank and reaches out to him.)

MULDER: Give me your hand!

FOREMAN: Get me out of here! Get me out of here! Grab it!

(Mulder manages to grab the foreman's hand, but the Flukeman is still obviously tugging on the foreman, because he screams and starts to slip away. Mulder groans, trying to hold on, but the foreman is dragged under.)

MULDER: We need some help down here!

(He jumps into the water and looks around.)

Hey!

(Some water trickles down onto him. Suddenly, the foreman stands up, back arched, screaming.)

I'll get you out of here!

(He notices some movement in the water. He grabs the foreman and positions him under the ledge, where the foreman grabs on. He is apparently in shock, screaming.)

Hold on! Hold on! You all right? You all right?

(There is a banging. Mulder spins around to see the Fluke trying to get into the pipe. Mulder runs over and jumps on a pipe on the ground, then strains on the lever as the Flukeman gets about halfway into the pipe. Mulder falls as the lever moves, sending the gate crashing down, severing the Fluke in half. The Flukeman screams a high-pitched whine. The foreman has pulled himself up slightly now, gasping, staring at the severed legs floating in the water, blood all around them. Mulder sighs in relief.)




SCENE 19
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is sitting on a bench, looking out at the Lincoln Memorial, in the exact same spot where he and Deep Throat once talked. Scully walks over.)

SCULLY: Is this seat taken?

MULDER: No. But I should warn you, I may reek a bit out of the sewer.

SCULLY: I'll take my chances.

(She sits and sighs.)

You talked to Skinner yesterday.

MULDER: Success in our work is imperative, Scully. Reinstatement of the X-Files must be undeniable.

SCULLY: That came from Skinner?

MULDER: No. We have a friend in the F.B.I.

SCULLY: I thought you might be interested in the lab results on the biology of the fluke larva.

(She takes out a folder, opens it, and starts reading.)

Dissection and analysis indicates reproductive and physiological cross-traiting, resulting in a sort quasi-vertebrate human.

MULDER: Human?

SCULLY: Yes, but still capable of spontaneous regeneration, like any fluke or flatworm.

MULDER: How does that happen?

SCULLY: Radiation. Abnormal cell fusion. The suppression of natural genetic processes. Mulder, nature didn't make this thing. We did.

(Mulder sighs. Scully hands him the folder. He flips through various pictures of horribly scarred and mutated people due to radiation.)

MULDER: I know these. These are from Chernobyl.

SCULLY: That creature came off of a decommissioned Russian freighter that was used in the disposal of salvage material from the meltdown. It was born in a... in a primordial soup of radioactive sewage.

(Mulder stares at the pictures.)

MULDER: You know, they say three species disappear off the planet every day. You wonder how many new ones are being created.

(Scully sighs, wondering the same thing. Mulder stands and walks towards the lake.)




SCENE 20
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY
(A normal night in the populace. Cars drive by a sewer grate, where below leads a tunnel. A broken sewer grate. In the water, another Fluke surfaces, most likely the one from the workman, it's eyes closed. It doesn't appear to be breathing. Then it's eyes open and it hisses in a few breaths.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
POSTAL CENTER; FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(The machines are hard at work, and Ed Funsch is no different. A machine scrolls the envelopes by him, and he types up the zip code as they do. The read-out states the zip code he pressed. The read out reads "33515," then "08619," then "21227."

"Candice Field
4033 W. 20th Ave.
Liverpool, NY
13090"

The read-out says "13090."

"Barry Backus
1561 Jefferson Ave.
Avon, NY
14414"

The read-out says "14414."

(The next envelope is about to come through when the previous one gets jammed in the feed. The machine beeps repeatedly. He goes to take out the paper jam and cuts himself. He watches the blood drip out of the cut. His supervisor walks over.)

SUPERVISOR: Hey, Ed. You okay?

EDWARD FUNSCH: There's blood.

SUPERVISOR: It's only a paper cut. Um, listen, Ed. I need to talk to you.

(In the supervisor's office, the boss pours his employee a cup of water from the cooler. The cooler gurgles.)

There you go. Ed, uh... this is never easy. Ed, everybody down here sure likes you a lot, Funsch. And I know it's tough 'cause you're new to this area. Ed, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to let you go. I mean, your work is first-rate, and like I said, you're a good guy. But you know the story. Cutbacks and seniority and... you're low man on the pole.

(Ed tries to salvage his dignity somewhat.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Could I work part-time?

(The supervisor sighs, unhappy of what he is doing. He takes out an envelope.)

SUPERVISOR: The guys took up a collection today. It's a hundred bucks.

(He puts the envelope in Funsch's pocket.)

Look, why don't you stay on till the end of the week?

(The supervisor walks out. Funsch sips his water, unhappy as hell. Funsch walks back over to his seat and starts again, typing even faster.

"Graham Coutts
2366 Wall Street
Greenville, RI
02828"

The read-out says "02828."

"Sherry Ross
1875 Bellevue #501
Syracuse, NY
13207"

The read-out says "13207."

"Jill Scott
1040 E. Broadway
Grand Rapids, MI
49548"

The read-out doesn't say "49548." There is a message on it.)

MESSAGE: Kill.

(Funsch stares at it, confused. It changes to "93021." He stares at it longer, unsure of what he saw. He goes back to typing.)

"Robin Hull
326 Simpson Street
Spring Valley, NY
10977"

The read-out says "10977."

"Jan Kobylka
2355 Mathers Ave.
Pittsburgh, PA
15214"

The read-out says "15214.")

Kill.

(Funsch is completely confused now. One second it reads "kill," the next it reads "15214." He looks around at his coworkers.)

Kill 'em.

(Funsch's eyes are wide.)

Kill 'em all.




SCENE 2
CIVIC CENTER; FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(10:20 A.M. The elevator is crammed with various businessmen and women. One man has a nagging cough. Starting at eleven, the elevator goes down to seven when there is a ring and the door opens.)

WOMAN #1: Is there room in there for me?

MAN: Oh, I think we can make some.

WOMAN #1: Thank you.

(The elevator dings again and the door closes. A man in the back, Taber, is very agitated by the enclosed space and the cramped area. A woman coughs on a man in front of her.)

WOMAN #2: Excuse me.

(She continues to cough, as does the man. Taber looks over at the time on the read-out. But it changes.)

MESSAGE: No air.

(Taber looks away, then back at it, unsure if he saw it correctly as the elevator starts to move again.)

Can't breathe.

(He squints.)

Kill 'em all.

(The message changes again as Taber grows more agitated.)

Kill 'em.

(Later, police tape surrounds the scene. The photographer walks over to a body outside of the elevator. A deputy lifts the tape for the local Sheriff, Spencer.)

SPENCER: Hey, Ralph, how you doing?

RALPH: All right.

(Mulder, wearing rubber gloves, follows Spencer over to the body.)

SPENCER: Thanks for coming on such short notice. I realize the F.B.I.'s Behavioral Science Unit normally profiles murder suspects that are still at large, and it must be odd being asked to profile our suspects, all of whom are dead.

(Mulder kneels over a body and pulls up the blue cover to look at it.)

I am relieved the Bureau answered our request and sent you.

(Mulder stands.)

Because in all honesty, Agent Mulder... whatever's going on here is way over our heads.

(Mulder walks around the body to Spencer.)

The suspect's body is out on the sidewalk.

(They look at each other. Spencer sighs.)

We're holding the security guard who shot him. The witnesses in the elevator are down at the hospital. You can talk to them whenever you're ready.

(Mulder walks past Spencer, brooding, still not saying a word.)

I've asked all the businesses in the building to close for the day.

(Mulder walks into the elevator, which has blood smeared on the walls.)

We've done our best to preserve the area for you. We've thoroughly photographed the scene. The area has been sketched, but we haven't dusted for prints... yet. We wanted to wait for you before we collected further evidence.

(Mulder looks at the read-out, which is cracked.)

MULDER: Was this damaged during the incident?

(Spencer walks in and looks at it.)

SPENCER: I'll find out.

MULDER: May I see the suspect?

(Spencer nods. The two walk out of the area, under the yellow tape lifted by Ralph.)

SPENCER: Things like this aren't supposed to happen here.

MULDER: A forty-two year old real estate agent murders four strangers with his bare hands? That's not supposed to happen anywhere.

(They stop walking.)

SPENCER: No. Since colonial times, there's only been three murders in this area. In the last six months, seven people have killed twenty-two. Per capita, that's higher than the combined homicide rate of Detroit, D.C. and Los Angeles. This town is not any of those places. In Franklin, you'll never have to pull off the road to make way for a celebrity driving with a gun to his head.

(They start walking to the body.)

MULDER: In each incident, the suspect was killed?

SPENCER: Suicide by cop. Each incident occurred in a public place. The suspect went crazy and refused to desist when ordered. Officers used deadly force in order to save lives.

(They stop walking again.)

MULDER: Were autopsies conducted on the suspects for substance abuse?

SPENCER: Agent Mulder, this town is mainly made up of apple and cherry growers. These folks don't drink much. They certainly don't do drugs. Coroner's tests were negative.

(They walk over to the body. Mulder kneels over and pulls up the blue cover, looking at it. He examines the fingers closely, as they are covered with blood. He notices a green substance on two of the fingertips.)

I played softball with this guy over Labor Day. He was one of those nice guys... couldn't play and didn't bitch about being stuck in right field.

MULDER: What's wrong with right field?

SPENCER: Always the first one to shake hands at the end of the game. Didn't matter whether they won or lost.

MULDER: Got to have an arm to play right field.

SPENCER: Bought a round of beers afterwards, even though he didn't drink.

MULDER: I played right field.

(He encloses the hand in a bag.)

Let's have this analyzed by the bureau's lab.

SPENCER: What the hell could bring anyone to do this?

(Mulder stares at the hand.)




SCENE 3
FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(At Commercial Trust's ATM, the machine asks Funsch to enter his PIN number. He does so. He hears a mother talking behind him to a little girl illegibly. He chooses his transaction, but before he can choose the account, he hears something.)

MOTHER: Baby, you're bleeding.

(He slowly turns around to see the mother tending to her daughter's nosebleed, wiping the blood away.)

Tilt your head back. I told you to leave it alone, okay? Now, don't touch it or it'll bleed again. Tilt your head back.

(Funsch cringes at the bloody tissue. He looks back at the machine.)

MESSAGE: Security guard.

(He slowly looks over at the security guard to his right.)

Take his gun.

(He looks over to the security guard's gun.)

Kill 'em all.

(He shrieks, fearing he is going insane, and starts to punch the keyboard with both fists.)

SECURITY GUARD: Hey! Hey, what the hell's wrong with you?

(Funsch runs off. The guard takes his card and looks at the machine, which asks if he'd like another transaction.)




SCENE 4
VENANGO COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
(Mulder looks at photographs of the various homicide suspects. He talks over the scene.)

MULDER: Perpetrators of mass murders are divided into two classifications... the spree killer and the serial. The sudden violent outburst in a public locale and the suspect's disregard for anonymity or survival define the Franklin incidents as spree killings.




SCENE 5
FBI NATIONAL ACADEMY; QUANTICO, VIRGINIA
(Scully is reading the report on her computer, having it been transmitted to her.)

The confounding element of the profiles is that, given their backgrounds, the perpetrators would be, statistically, more likely the victims of violent crimes, rather than the originators.

(Cut to Venango County, where pictures of the killers are posted. But these are pictures of leisure and joy.)

The killers were all middle income, responsible people. None with a history of violence.

(The next set of pictures are the same people, only the photos of their bodies.)

Relatives and friends reported only minor displays of dysfunctional behavior. Sleep disorders, headaches, eating difficulties... but witnesses did report the last suspect displayed a claustrophobic reaction.

(Mulder hears a rumbling overhead and looks up. Cut to Scully.)

I'm convinced an outside factor is responsible, but I must concede frustration as to a determination of the cause.

(Cut to Mulder as he sits.)

A residue discovered on the fingers of the most recent perpetrator was analyzed and reported to be an undefined but nontoxic organic chemical found on plants...

(Cut to Scully.)

...perhaps remaining from gardening. There have been reported abductee paranoia in UFO mass abduction cases...

SCULLY: I was wondering when you'd get to that.

MULDER: I find no evidence of this to be the case.

(Scully seems stunned. Cut to Mulder.)

The single, connecting trace evidence to the killings is the destruction of an electronic device at the crime scene.

(Mulder looks at some pictures of the broken devices.)

A pager, a fax machine, a cellular phone, a gas pump digital display.

(He sits down at his laptop.)

In all honesty, Scully, I've never had a more difficult time developing a profile.

(Cut to Scully.)

There is no way to know who will be a killer... or who will be killed.




SCENE 6
FRANKLIN; PENNSYLVANIA
(Mrs. McRoberts apprehensively walks towards the mechanic garage, where the mechanic can be heard whistling. There is a dim light coming, mostly shadowed by the hood. There is a clattering of tools.)

MCROBERTS: Hello?

(She stops far from the car. No answer, just the sound of the ratchet turning.)

Hello?

(The mechanic is still behind the hood.)

MECHANIC: You're late.

MCROBERTS: I'm sorry. I called earlier. A deadline came up at work. If it's ready, I'll just pay you and... get out of here.

(The mechanic walks out from behind the hood.)

MECHANIC: How did you manage to break that anyhow?

MCROBERTS: Oh, it's a long story. Did you fix it?

MECHANIC: It's fixed.

MCROBERTS: What do I owe you?

MECHANIC: I'll tell you. In fixing that, I found some other problems. Serious problems, Mrs. McRoberts. Come back here, I'll show you.

(A shot of fear runs across McRoberts' face as she looks up from her purse. She gasps.)

MCROBERTS: I'm sorry. My husband's waiting for me. I have to go.

MECHANIC: Okay, but you ain't going to go very far unless you get this fixed. Come here.

(He walks behind the hood. She tenses up and follows. The mechanic continues to whistle. The mechanic stands and presses a button on a read-out. The engine starts up, frightening McRoberts.)

This is a diagnostic test of your engine. You're supposed to have an output of a hundred and sixty-eight horses at sixty-two hundred R.P.M.s. You're nowhere near that. Come over here. Next to me. I want you to take a look at this.

(She walks over as he bends down and looks under the hood.)

Well, first of all, you're leaking oil like crazy. Your throw rods are chattering, valves need adjustment.

(McRoberts looks over at the monitor where the read-out is.)

MESSAGE: Liar.

MECHANIC: And over here, you've got a couple of engine mounts that should be replaced.

MESSAGE: He's a liar.

MECHANIC: There's some arching off your coil wire... to tell you the truth, I think we should replace all the ignition wires.

MESSAGE: He'll rape you.

(The mechanic's voice drifts off as McRoberts is absolutely scared out of her wits, staring at the monitor.)

He'll kill you.

(She doesn't even blink.)

Kill him first.

MECHANIC: If you don't believe me, take a look here.

(He puts his hand on her shoulder. She gasps, picks up the ratchet, and slams him over the head with it. She shrieks. He yells in pain and falls, his head hitting the light as he does. She reaches up to hit him again, but he kicks her leg out. He reaches up and grabs a hammer, but she grabs a nozzle for an oil can. As he readies to hit her, she turns to face him, the nozzle in front of him. He gasps, screams, eyes wide, then falls, the nozzle jammed into his stomach. She walks away. The monitor now reads "Analysis Complete, Next." Later, two red dots come together to form one on the mechanic, then a flash. The photographer moves away from the body and Mulder kneels down and inspects it. He stands up and picks up the murder weapon, which is in a bag. He looks over at the computer read-out, which still reads "Analysis Complete, Next." Looking at a clipboard that had been hung to the wall, Spencer and Larry Winter walk over to him. The sheet on the clipboard reads that an oil change was done.)

LARRY WINTER: Agent Mulder? Larry Winter, county supervisor.

(They shake hands. Mulder holds up his gloved hand.)

MULDER: Uh, pardon my rubber.

LARRY WINTER: Can you tell me if... this murder is more of the same?

SPENCER: They don't seem to be connected.

LARRY WINTER: Well, should I be relieved or more scared? I mean, is this the start of copycat killers?

(Mulder flips through more of the clipboard.)

SPENCER: No, Larry, it's not a copy of the other homicides. This wasn't committed in a public area. The suspect fled, covering his tracks.

(Mulder reads the next page, which says that the air filter was repaired, then the next, which reads that the digital dashboard had a problem.)

And the killer appears not to have had a premeditated weapon.

(Mulder scrolls over to see that the digital read-outs on the dashboard were all smashed and replaced.)

MULDER: They are connected.




SCENE 7
McROBERTS' HOUSE
(Mrs. McRoberts opens the door to see Mulder and Spencer.)

MULDER: Mrs. McRoberts?

MCROBERTS: Yes?

MULDER: This is Sheriff Spencer, and I'm Agent Fox Mulder with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

(He flashes her his badge.)

May we come in?

MCROBERTS: I'm late for work.

MULDER: You can blame me.

(Mulder and Spencer walk in.)

Been having some car trouble?

MCROBERTS: That's my husband's department.

MULDER: May I speak with him?

MCROBERTS: He just took the car to Pittsburgh for a business meeting.

(She opens the refrigerator and takes out a bag.)

Is it okay if I have my breakfast?

MULDER: It's the day's most important meal.

(She places the bag inside of the microwave and presses a few buttons. She looks at the read-out screen.)

MESSAGE: He knows.

(She gasps. Mulder takes out a paper.)

MULDER: Um... this invoice? It was, uh, signed by you. Did you pick up the car last night?

MESSAGE: Kill 'em both.

(She gasps and walks away from the microwave.)

MCROBERTS: Yes.

(Mulder walks over and looks at it. It reads "7:35 A.M." She places her food down on the counter.)

MULDER: Can you describe to me exactly how the dashboard read-out was damaged?

(She searches for a response that won't implicate her.)

Mrs. McRoberts?

MCROBERTS: I did it. I broke it.

MULDER: Why?

(She pulls open the drawer to reveal a set of butcher knives. Mulder does not notice.)

Mrs. McRoberts? Did you see something in the read-out? Mrs. McRoberts?

(She is almost crying, fingering the handle to one of the knives.)

I can help. Mrs. McRoberts?

(He places his hand on her shoulder. She shrieks and slashes his arm, knocking him down. She straddles his stomach and raises the knife to strike down.)

SPENCER: Stop!

MULDER: No!

(Spencer shoots her.)




SCENE 8
FBI NATIONAL ACADEMY; QUANTICO, VIRGINIA
(Scully pulls back the sheet to reveal the corpse of Mrs. McRoberts. She turns on the light and takes a scalpel. Her voice rings over the scene.)

SCULLY: Several anomalies were discovered in post-mortem analysis that were undetected in previous autopsies. Levels of adrenaline are known to be high in cases of violent death, twice as much as in victims of natural death. This subject's levels were two-hundred times normal.

(Later, she types her report up.)

The adrenal gland displayed extensive adrenal hemorrhage, yet not from disease, but rather from wear. Other physiological evidence present indicated intense phobia. Analysis of the vitreous humor extracted from the eyeball...

(Cut to Mulder, who picks up the file, a bandage wrapped around his wrist.)

...indicated the presence of high concentration of an undetermined chemical compound. This compound, at it's base, is similar to the substance analyzed earlier on a perpetrator's finger. Although further qualitative analysis must be performed, it is my opinion that this chemical, when reacting with adrenaline and other compounds secreted during phobic episodes, creates a substance to lysergic acid diethylamide... L.S.D.




SCENE 9
SHOPPING MALL; FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(The shopping mall is busy today, and Funsch, decked out in his best suit, walks up to the customer service counter.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Pardon me. I'd like to apply for a job.

CLERK: Sorry. They're not accepting applications at this time.

(She puts a sign down that says "We'll be back in one hour" and walks off. Funsch, disheartened, wipes some sweat from his forehead and walks down the aisle to the electronics section. He reads a sign that says "Franklin Community Blood Drive.")

WOMAN: Sir? May we ask you to sign up for the blood drive?

(She extends the clipboard and pen, holding it over the word "blood" on a banner taped to the front of the table.)

Sir? Are you all right?

(Funsch, exasperated, walks off quickly.)

Sir?

(Funsch walks over to a set of monitors playing a football game. Suddenly, the monitors go white, then turn to static. They flash to various sights: Charles Manson, an scene from the L.A. riots, the Rodney King beating, an exploding building, another riot scene, and the famous O.J. Simpson-Bronco chase. The scenes cycle repeatedly in front of Funsch, who grows increasingly agitated and confused. The middle monitor goes black.)

MESSAGE: Behind you.

(He slowly looks behind to see the gun section.)

Do it!

(Funsch slowly makes his way towards the counter in the gun rack as the televisions revert to playing "Bobby's World" and a football game.)




SCENE 10
FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(Mulder is going for his morning jog when he sees a truck pull up to a house. A man seated on top takes a spade full of flies and throws them onto the lawn and gutter, then taps the side of the truck with it. Mulder watches as the truck drives off, then bends down and picks up one of the flies.)




SCENE 11
THE LONE GUNMEN'S OFFICE; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Frohike's face is enlarged by the giant magnifying glass as Byers and Langly look on.)

FROHIKE: Hmmm...

BYERS: In our April edition of "The Lone Gunmen," we ran an article on the C.I.A.'s new CCDTH-twenty-one thirty-eight fiber-optic-lens micro-video camera.

LANGLY: Small enough to be placed on the back of a fly.

MULDER: Imagine being one of those flies on the wall of the Oval Office.

FROHIKE: Been there, done that.

(He smiles to his comrades as he takes the fly over to another desk. They follow.)

BYERS: That is a Eurasian cluster fly. They infest vegetation like, uh, apples or cherries and can inflict a great deal of damage to crops.

LANGLY: This one's probably been irradiated to control propagation.

BYERS: Or agents of competing South American agricultural corporations posing as Franklin city employees, are releasing fertile flies to destroy the crops.

(Frohike studies the fly, which is held by tweezers, then dunks it in a petrie dish full of liquid.)

FROHIKE: Nope. This bug's been nuked.

MULDER: It was a fine effort, though.

(He pats Byers on the back and picks up a folder.)

Have you ever come across this chemical compound?

(Langly points to the diagram of the chemical structure.)

LANGLY: L.S.D.M. Obviously, you haven't read our August edition of "T.L.G."

MULDER: Oh, I'm sorry, boys. It arrived the same day as my subscription to "Celebrity Skin."

(Langly laughs.)

BYERS: Come over here.

(They walk over to a television. Byers shuffles through a number of videotapes. Frohike, meanwhile, is fooling around with his night-vision goggles.)

FROHIKE: So, Mulder, where's your little partner?

MULDER: She wouldn't come. She's afraid of her love for you.

FROHIKE: She's tasty.

MULDER: You know, Frohike, it's men like you that give perversion a bad name.

(Byers takes out a cassette.)

BYERS: Here... toxic pesticides. The chemical you have in that report is called "lysergic dimethrin."

(He puts the videotape in the player. Langly sits.)

It's an unreleased experimental synthetic botanical insecticide. It attempts to act as a natural pheromone.

LANGLY: L.S.D.M. is sprayed on the plant, which invokes a fear response in the pest. You know, "get out of here, there's danger." The insect reacts and leaves the plant.

MULDER: Why won't they release it? Is it possible it affects humans in the same way?

BYERS: Possible?

(Byers and Langly smile.)

Let me show you something.

(Byers presses play. On the screen, a chemical is being sprayed out of a truck onto people's lawns.)

LANGLY: This is actual newsreel footage taken in the 50's. They're spraying D.D.T... a chemical the government did release and determine to be safe.

BYERS: Thirty years later...

(The spray goes over a crowd of women, all smiling, seated in rows.)

...they found out that women exposed to it had higher rates of breast cancer.

(Mulder sits. A man is spraying a number of joyful children in a pool.)

They convinced local officials it was even safe to spray on children. It took a decade of bureaucratic and industry heel-dragging before it was banned.

LANGLY: Different chemicals, same stunts.

BYERS: They just learned how not to be so obvious.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: Hey, Frohike, can I borrow those?

FROHIKE: If I can have Scully's phone number.

(He smirks.)




SCENE 12
FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(Mulder is sitting on a hill, looking out over a cropfield. He looks through his goggles and sees nothing. Hearing a helicopter's blades, he looks again, but sees nothing. A dog barks as he walks down the hill and drives closer to the field. Walking slowly, the only sound is the crickets and the persistent dog. The wind picks up and there is a muffled rumbling. Mulder looks up to see a helicopter fly over, coating everything with the spray. Mulder falls to the ground, coughing, rubbing his eyes.)




SCENE 13
FRANKLIN COMMUNITY HOSPITAL; FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(Scully finishes taking Mulder's blood as Winter talks to Spencer.)

LARRY WINTER: Stealth helicopters? Experimental pesticides responsible for violent behavior?

MULDER: I saw the chopper from two different locations. Look at my skin, feel my hair. The insecticide is still on me.

LARRY WINTER: I checked up on you. You have a penchant for... "Spooky" evidence.

(Mulder looks over to Scully briefly.)

MULDER: Don't start with that tired crap. Don't start diverting blame.

LARRY WINTER: Hang on a second here...

MULDER: Look, if you're the one responsible for the illegal spraying, then the sooner you take responsibility, the sooner people will stop dying. The killers all resided near heavily sprayed areas.

LARRY WINTER: You don't live here, Mulder. I live here. I have my heart in this town. I have three children. I'm not going to dump poison on them.

MULDER: Yeah, well, if it's so safe, why was it done in secret?

LARRY WINTER: What kind of a crusade are you on?

SPENCER: Answer the question. Are we spraying?

(Winter looks away from them, takes a few steps, then looks back.)

LARRY WINTER: This county lives on money generated from its crops. The irradiated flies were not effective. The delays to get approval to spray would have caused millions in crop damage. Look at the hell they raised in California over malathion. Meanwhile, people's lives were being ruined by a... a damn bug.

SPENCER: Ruined? Twenty-three people are dead.

LARRY WINTER: There is no proof whatsoever of the spray caused violent behavior. It was proven to me to be safe.

MULDER: By who? Who proved it to you?

(Winter looks at them angrily, then walks out.)

SCULLY: I'm sorry, Mulder, he's right. I'd love to tell you that I flew three-hundred miles in the middle of the night to perform tests that prove that you're about to become the next Charles Manson... but I find little physiological evidence that L.S.D.M. has toxically affected you... even after massive ingestion.

MULDER: Scully, your own autopsy reported the killer had chemical anomalies.

SCULLY: Yes, but you are proof that it wasn't from exposure to L.S.D.M.

SPENCER: May I see that chart, Agent Scully?

SCULLY: Sure.

(He walks over to Scully. Mulder looks up at the television.)

These are normal, right here...

(It says "do it." Mulder watches the screen. The screen says in progressively bigger letters, "Do it. Do it now." There are no messages, because the next shot is of a women doing step aerobics with a shirt that says "Do it.")

...subjected to successive L.S.D.M. sprays...

MULDER: Scully. Are you familiar with subliminal messages?

SCULLY: You mean like... sex and ice cubes in liquor in ice cube ads? That's paranoia.

MULDER: No, it's a fact that some department stores use subliminal messages in their ambient music to deter shoplifting. And the Russians have been using advanced electroensephelographic techniques to control behavior.

SCULLY: And how is this connected with the spraying?

MULDER: Electronic devices were destroyed by every perpetrator.

(Spencer looks at Mulder strangely.)

SCULLY: I'm still waiting.

MULDER: The insecticide L.S.D.M. is known to invoke a fear response in cluster flies. What if the chemical causes the same reaction in humans? All the perpetrators were phobic. Taber was claustrophobic. McRoberts' husband stated she had a paranoia about rape. The insecticide heightened their already existing phobia to an unbearable level. Then the electronic devices relayed messages that told them specifically what to do with their fear in order to alleviate it. The messages were relayed purposely.

SCULLY: By who?

(Mulder sighs. Spencer, who had been pretty caught up in it until now, walks out. Mulder walks over to the door and looks out, then walks back into the middle of the room.)

MULDER: Yeah, he's probably one of those people that thinks Elvis is dead.

SCULLY: Mulder, I was wrong. Exposure to the insecticide does induce paranoia.

MULDER: I think this area is being subjected to a controlled experiment.

SCULLY: Controlled by who? By the government? By a corporation? By Reticulans?

MULDER: They've done it before. D.D.T. in the 50's, Agent Orange, germ warfare on unsuspecting neighborhoods.

SCULLY: Yes, but why, Mulder? Why would they intentionally create a populace that destroys itself?

MULDER: Fear. It's the oldest tool of power. If you're distracted by fear of those around you, it keeps you from seeing the actions of those above.

(Spencer walks in.)

SPENCER: I just had a talk with Mister Winter. I have persuaded him to a compromise. He's agreed to stop the spraying immediately and to blood testing extensively the people exposed to the spray area.

MULDER: But?

SPENCER: But... the official explanation of the testing cannot be linked to the side-effects of L.S.D.M.

(Mulder sits.)




SCENE 14
EDWARD FUNSCH'S HOUSE
(Funsch is watching a commercial on the local blood drive. The screen reads "Free Cholesterol Testing.")

WOMAN ON TV: Franklin and Fanengo counties are participating in an important nationwide study on cholesterol. Volunteers will be coming to your door, or you may report at your convenience to Franklin Community General. The procedure is very simple and painless.

(On the television, the doctor pricks the patient's finger with the needle.)

Just a little prick on the fingertip and your participation is complete.

(They show a close-up of the drop of blood on the patient's finger. Funsch cringes.)

And appreciated. So remember, cholesterol screening can save your life.

(Funsch looks back at the gun and the many bullets he purchased.)

So when those volunteers come to your door, answer readily, or you may report at your convenience to Franklin Community General. Thank you.

(The doorbell buzzes loudly, startling Funsch. He runs to his window and looks out to see one of the volunteers for the cholesterol screening. She presses the doorbell twice more. Funsch pulls the blinds shut as the volunteer buzzes again. Funsch looks down at the television.)

MESSAGE: Blood.

(Funsch grows more agitated as the letters grow larger on the screen. He yells and slams the television down onto the floor, face first, shattering the glass front. The nurse continues to press the doorbell rapidly, in almost a pattern. Funsch looks down at the gun, covering his ears from the annoying buzzing. He runs his fingers over the scope, then closes the case. A small calculator drops to the floor. He picks it up and reads the screen.)

Blood.

(He smashes it and stands. Looking out the window nervously, his watch goes off. He looks at it.)

Kill.

(The read-out blinks the message.)




SCENE 15
VENANGO COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
(Spencer is on the phone.)

SPENCER: And your test results on the blood samples were double-checked? Are you sure? Uh-huh.

(He hangs up and walks over to the agents, who are standing by a map of the area.)

Last area just reported in. Okay, these are the sectors that have tested negative.

(He circles an area with his finger.)

This is a list of people who, for one reason or another, haven't checked out. There's about twenty-five.




SCENE 16
EDWARD FUNSCH'S HOUSE; FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(The names "Faherty, Mary" and "Francis, Kenneth" have been crossed off. The next name is "Funsch, Edward.")

MULDER: Only seven more to go.

(Scully looks over at the doorbell, which has been ripped out of the wall. She picks up the buzzer.)

SCULLY: This is odd.

(Mulder looks at the frayed wire.)

MULDER: Frustrated Jehovah's witness?

(Scully opens the door.)

SCULLY: Door's unlocked.

(They draw their guns and walk inside. The room is in a complete mess. Scully looks down at the broken television, which is covering the floor. Mulder opens up the gun case. The gun is gone. Later, an officer walks out past Mulder and Spencer, who are standing in the doorway. Scully walks up to them and hands Mulder a folder.)

SCULLY: Here it is.

(Mulder slowly walks into the main room, which is swamped with officials. Mulder starts to read the file.)

MULDER: Edward Funsch, age fifty-two. No diploma, no vehicle or driver's license, navy radio man, wife died ten years ago. No kids. No known family, just been laid-off.

(A picture of Funsch is attached to the file.)

Medical history?

SCULLY: Nothing. I mean, he hasn't seen a doctor in decades.

MULDER: When was the blood tester here?

SPENCER: About ten-thirty this morning.

MULDER: Ten-thirty?

(He picks up a small bag containing the crushed watch. The time reads ten-twenty-five.)

The blood test. I know what he's afraid of... and I know where he's going.




SCENE 17
FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(The destination of the bus is Franklin Community General Hospital. A few people get off, then two more get on. The bus starts off as Funsch desperately runs after it.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Hey, wait! Stop! Stop! Stop! Hey!

(The bus stops. Funsch runs up to the door and bangs on it.)

BUS DRIVER: All right, all right, hold on a second.

(Funsch bangs on the door harder. It opens and he boards.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Funsch.

(He deposits some change into the machine and takes the first seat, laying the bag down on the next seats. He looks around, paranoid, then over to the electronic read-out. The letters change and he leans in.)

MESSAGE: They're waiting.

(Funsch leans in and looks at it. The next message appears.)

Get off.

(He clutches the bag tighter and walks up to the driver.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Pardon me.

BUS DRIVER: Wait for the next stop.

EDWARD FUNSCH: Please! I'm on the wrong bus.

BUS DRIVER: Wait for the next stop.

(Funsch is completely gone now, screaming.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Open the door! Open the door! God, open the door, damn it!




SCENE 18
FRANKLIN COMMUNITY HOSPITAL; FRANKLIN, PENNSYLVANIA
(Spencer walks out of the building, motioning for another officer to head the other way.)

MAN ON WALKIE-TALKIE: Uh, C-one, this is X-ray-four. Negative on that North-South line.

SPENCER: Copy that.

(He walks up to Mulder and Scully.)

If he's on it, it's going to be this line.

(They turn to see the bus pulling up.)

MULDER: Here it comes.

SCULLY: Get the uniforms out of sight.

(Spencer nods and starts off. Mulder and Scully duck behind a wall as the bus screeches to a halt, each clutching their guns. Spencer ducks behind a car. Passengers file off, then two get on. Mulder and Scully go up to the bus and Mulder bangs on the door, then flashes the driver his badge. The driver opens the door.)

MULDER: Have you seen this man?

(He hands the driver the picture of Funsch.)

BUS DRIVER: Yeah, I picked him off. Drove four feet, then he went apewire.

MULDER: Where'd you let him out?

BUS DRIVER: Near the college.

SCULLY: We'll have to wait him out.

(The bus drives off.)

MULDER: I don't think he's waiting.

(Mulder looks at a sign advertising the Franklin Blood Drive at Franklin Community College.)




SCENE 19
FRANKLIN COMMUNITY COLLEGE
(The blood drive is booming. People are walking by and signing up. Orange juice is ready on the table. Funsch looks around, then at an electronic sign which scrolls: "Blood drive Sat 11-5." He looks away, then back at it.)

MESSAGE: Up.

(Funsch looks over to a clock tower. Understanding, he heads for it. Mulder and Spencer race towards the college, followed by another car. Funsch slowly makes his way up the winding steps, carrying his weapons in the duffel bag. He stops, looks out the window, then continues. Mulder puts the cellular to his ear.)

MULDER: Scully, anything?

(Cut to Scully, who is still outside the college.)

SCULLY: Nothing.

(Cut back to Mulder, who closes the phone, annoyed. Funsch reaches the top of the stairs, wheezing, then looks around at the various windows. He puts his duffel bag down on the ground, wipes his forehead, then unzips it. Pulling out a box of two-hundred cartridge ammunition full metal jacket bullets, bullets spill onto the floor as he stands, trying to pull it out of the bag. Parts of the rifle fall as well. The police cars arrive at the scene and Mulder and Spencer get out. They start to check around as Funsch studies a bullet off the floor, then loads it. He raises the gun to the window and looks through the scope. Spencer and Mulder cannot see him. Funsch squeezes the trigger slowly. A gunshot rings out and the chest to the ambulance driver explodes after the bullet goes through the windshield. Women scream as people drop to the floor in terror.)

SPENCER: Get down! Get down!

MULDER: Get down!

(The two try to work the crowd out of their frenzy.)

Get down! Get down!

(A container of orange juice explodes on the table as it is hit with another bullet, driving the crowd into an even more excited state. Spencer gets on the bullhorn.)

SPENCER: Please remain calm! Stay away from the building!

(Mulder searches for the shooter and sees the rifle sticking out of the window in the clock tower. He races, ducking, to the police car, where more deputies are positioned. Funsch fires again, then reloads, smiling, licking his lips slightly. The bullet drops to the floor, then he loads another into its chamber. Taking aim, he pulls the trigger again. Mulder makes his way towards the building.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: I've seen that all and I've seen that and I don't want to see that again, baby.

(He sobs, then shrieks as he loads another bullet into the chamber, completely insane. He pulls the trigger. Spencer ducks behind the car and speaks into the walkie-talkie.)

SPENCER: All units, forthwith, Franklin College. Shots fired. Send emergency vehicles.

(He looks up at the tower. Funsch gleefully fires another shot, then reloads quickly. Everything becomes a blur with Funsch, firing another shot and emotions flickering rapidly. He fires again and screams with joy. He runs his hands through his hair repeatedly. Mulder gets in the building and looks up. Hearing another shot, he races up the stairs. Bullets fall to Funsch's feet as he giggles like a madman, reloading and firing again. Mulder hears it and runs faster, clutching his gun tighter. Funsch searches for a bullet. Mulder trips and slices open the side of his wrist on a step, cringing in pain. Funsch fires again then shrieks girlishly, running his hand through his hair. Funsch loads, fires, and loads again. Mulder pops out of the stairwell, gun trained on Funsch.)

MULDER: Put it down!

(Funsch is shocked. Mulder slowly climbs up to the floor.)

Put it down!

EDWARD FUNSCH: Don't kill me.

MULDER: Then put it down, Ed.

EDWARD FUNSCH: I can't. They won't let me.

MULDER: I know they won't, Ed. I know they won't let you.

(Funsch nods sadly.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: Then... you make me put it down, then. You do it.

(He grips the handle tighter. Mulder slowly walks towards him.)

MULDER: If you don't put it down, I'm going to have to shoot you. Or you're going to have to shoot me.

(Funsch smiles slightly.)

There's going to be blood... everywhere.

(Funsch starts to lower his weapon, realizing this. Mulder reaches out for the gun. Funsch sees the bloodstained cuff on Mulder's shirt and screams. He swings the butt of the gun at Mulder, but Mulder ducks. Funsch swings it a second time, but Mulder grabs the rifle and elbows Funsch. The rifle falls down the stairwell. Mulder takes Funsch's wrist and puts his arm behind his back in a hammerlock, then pushes him down onto the ground. Funsch gags slightly as Mulder handcuffs him.)

EDWARD FUNSCH: They'll kill me.

MULDER: It's all right.

(Paramedics wheel a strapped-down Funsch into the ambulance. Spencer walks over to Mulder.)

SPENCER: Agent Scully will examine him at the hospital. You can call her there.

MULDER: I want unrestricted access to him for questioning.

SPENCER: Mulder... you know more about what happened to him than he does.

(He walks away. The ambulance drives off, putting on the siren. Mulder sits down on the banister and starts to dial Scully's number on the cellular phone. He puts the phone to his ear, but hears a strange garbling. He looks down at the phone.)

MESSAGE: All done.

(Mulder stares at the screen.)

Bye-bye.

(Mulder cannot take his eyes off the screen as it changes to "555-3364" and starts to ring. Scully can be heard through the phone as Mulder stares at the phone.)

SCULLY: Scully. Hello? Mulder, is that you? Mulder, where are you? Mulder? Mulder, where are you?

(Mulder doesn't even blink.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
NEW YORK CITY,NY
11:23 PM
Dr. Saul Grissom sits and watches his Television. Hears rumbling outside his door, opens it and there is fire.

GRISSOM: AH!

Calls 911

OPERATOR: 911 operator, please state emergency.

GRISSOM: Yeah, this is Dr. Saul Grissom. Theres a fire outside my apartment. Im trapped.

OPERATOR: Are you at 700 East 56th street?

GRISSOM: Yes, apt. 606. For gods sake, hurry

OPERATOR: Fire units are being dispatched right now, sir. Please stay on the line.

(He grabs a fire extinguisher.)

GRISSOM: Somebody help! Ah!

Flames consume the room and he starts to choke from smoke inhalation as firemen race up the stairs. A large black man is seen going down the stairs. Much chaos and shouting.

FIREMAN 1: Get a crew up to the roof!

LT. REAGAN: This is Lt. Reagan and we have a possible 23 false alarm in apartment six-zero-six. Lets confirm that location, 606.

WOMAN AT OTHER END OF RADIO: Yes, thats affirmative, 606.

REAGAN: Its cold, lets do it!

The men break in the door and find nothing but Grissoms dead body

FIREMAN: He looks dead.

Mulder opens his paper at his apartment and a tape falls out along with Dr. Grissoms article circled.




SCENE 2
Scene flashes to Mulder and Skinner listening to the 911 tape in the ADs office.
MULDER: The article makes no mention of the fire.

SKINNER: Yes, Agent Mulder, I can read.

MULDER: Grissoms company had a number of government contracts which would place this investigation within the Bureaus jurisdiction.

SKINNER: But thats not why you want the assignment.

MULDER: I think that the circumstances surrounding Grissoms death warrant a closer look. I called NYPD but they wont even talk to me unless I get the Attorney General to sign off on it.

SKINNER: Whered you get the tape. Presumably, someone had led you to believe that there is more here than is being reported.

MULDER: My source, the only one I have ever trusted, is dead.

SKINNER: Ill look into this further and Ill let you know. In the mean time, you have 24 hours of wiretap that needs to be transcribed.

PERSON ON TAP: Are you comin over or what? You said you was comin over two hours ago and Im waitin here like some stupid bimbo who aint got nothin better to do with her time. . .

Mulder rewinds tape some

PERSON: . . .waitin here like some stupid bimbo who aint got nothin better to do with her time than to sit around here waitin for you.

KRYCEK: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

KRYCEK: Its your 302. Assistant Director Skinner just approved it.

MULDER: Theres a mistake here. Theres been another agent assigned to the case.

KRYCEK: That would be me. Krycek, Alex Krycek.

MULDER: Skinner didnt say anything about taking on a new partner.

KRYCEK: It wasnt Skinner. Actually, I opened the file 2 Hours before your request so technically, its my case.

MULDER: And you all ready talked to the police?

KRYCEK: Yeah, just hung up on the officer in charge a few minutes ago. A detective named Whorton. Turns out Grissom called 911 to report a fire.

MULDER: I heard the tape.

KRYCEK: Did you hear that forensics found a spent fire extinguisher on the floor. Grissoms prints were all over it. The walls and floor in his living room were covered with ammonium phosphate.

MULDER: But no trace of a fire.

KRYCEK: Not even a burnt match.

MULDER: That all you know?

KRYCEK: So far. What do you think it means?

MULDER: Listen, I appreciate the show and tell, and I dont want you to take this personally, but I work alone. Ill straighten things out with Skinner.

KRYCEK: Its my case, Agent Mulder. Look, I may be---green, but I had the case first and Im not going to give it away so quickly.

MULDER: All right, Ill tell you what, I got a little work to finish up around here. Why dont you go down to the motor pool and requisition us a car and Ill meet you down there.

KRYCEK: Thats all. I mean you dont have a problem with us working together.

MULDER: Its your party.

KRYCEK: Well, um, Ill get the car.

Krycek walks away with a satisfied smile and Mulder watches him go.




SCENE 3
Scene flashes to Scully in an autopsy class.
SCULLY: Electrocution effects electrolytic conduction, disrupting the heart beat and most of the autonomic systems. Death actually occurs from tissue damage, and necrosis in the heart itself, particularly in the sinus and the atria ventricular nodes. . .

MAN: Agent Scully, sorry to interrupt, but you have a call from a George Hale, says its urgent.

SCULLY: Excuse me.

Scully picks up the phone.

SCULLY: Where are you?




SCENE 4
MULDER: National airport. Catching the shuttle up to Laguardia in a half an hour. How do you feel about joining me in the Big Apple for an autopsy.

SCULLY: Whats going on?

MULDER: I was hoping you could tell me.

SCULLY: I cant do it today. My last class isnt until 4:30.

MULDER: Thats fine. I can have the ME wrap the body to go

SCULLY: Mulder. . .

MULDER: Youll get it by five.

SCULLY: (lets out an exasperated sigh.) Whats the name?



SCENE 5
Scene flashes to Grissoms sleep disorder clinic.
NURSE: Dr. Grissoms alpha-wave analysis defined the standard, he revolutionized the way we think about sleep. His death was a tremendous loss to the scientific community.

MULDER: How many other kinds of sleep disorder did he treat?

NURSE: There are 38 different dissomnias and parasomnias. Dr. Grissom treated them all with an unprecedented success ratio.

MULDER: Maintaining that kind of batting average must have taken its toll.

NURSE: Excellence demands certain sacrifices.

MULDER: Did he ever show any signs of psychological stress?

NURSE: Not really. Except for his own occasional bout of insomnia.

MULDER: But he was never delusional.

NURSE: Of course not.

MULDER: Whats his story?

NURSE: This patients night terrors prevent him from cycling out REM sleep into the more restful slow wave sleep. Its still experimental, but what were trying to do is modify his brain wave patterns externally.

MULDER: How do you do that?

NURSE: Electrical stimulation of the occipital lobe creates simply visual and auditory hallucinations.

MULDER: So its actually possible to alter somebodys dreams?

NURSE: In theory, yes.



SCENE 6
Outside the clinic. Krycek walks out of a car and towards Mulder.
KRYCEK: I paid off your cab. Hey, I dont appreciate being ditched like someones bad date

MULDER: Im sorry if I hurt your feelings.

KRYCEK: Where do you get off copping this attitude. You dont even know the first thing about me.

MULDER: Exactly.

KRYCEK: You know, back at the academy, some of the guys used to make fun of you.

MULDER: Oh stop it, or youll hurt my feelings.

KRYCEK: But there were some of us who followed your work. Believed what you were doing because we knew that there was more out there than they were telling us.

Mulders cell phone rings.

MULDER: Yeah.

SCULLY: Grissom didnt die from cardiac arrest.

MULDER: What is it?

SCULLY: I think you should come down and take a look for yourself. I havent even started on the chest and abdomen yet and Ill have a lot more to tell you then.

MULDER: I can make it in two hours.

Mulder reaches for the door. Krycek holds up the keys.

KRYCEK: Where are we going.



SCENE 7
Scene flashes to Scullys autopsy bay. She places a large organ on the scale.
MULDER: Spleen or pancreas?

SCULLY: Stomach. I was just about to start on it.

MULDER: This is Alex Krycek. Were, uh, working the case together.

SCULLY: Good to meet you.

KRYCEK: You too.

He holds out his hand, she walks right by it.

SCULLY: Notice the pugilistic attitude of the corpse.

Krycek coughs into fist, loudly.

SCULLY: This condition generally occurs several hours after death. Its caused by a coagulation of muscle proteins when the body is exposed to extremely high temperatures.

MULDER: Like fire?

SCULLY: This degree of limb flexion is observed exclusively in burn-related victims.

KRYCEK: But there was no fire.

SCULLY: And no epidermal burns to indicate as much but when I opened up the skull, I found external hemorrhages, which can only be caused by intense heat. Some how, this man suffered all of the secondary, but none of the primary physiological signs of being in a fire.

MULDER: Any theories?

SCULLY: I couldnt even begin to explain what could have caused this. Its almost as if. . .

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: Its almost as if his body believed that it was burning.




SCENE 8
Scene flashes to a man watching the home shopping network in a run down apartment. You see a scar on his neck.
COLE: You left the door open, Willie.

HENRY: Preacher?

COLE: Not a good idea leaving your door open in this neighborhood. You never know whos gonna drop by.

HENRY: What are you doin here? How long ya been in town? Want a beer?

COLE: How ya doin, Henry? Huh? How ya been?

HENRY: How am I doin? Im, uh,---tryin to forget. You know. Im trying to get it out of my head.

COLE: No luck?

HENRY: (lets out a laugh.) And Im, uh, still fightin it, you know. I keep seein the faces. Every day I see---aw, whats the difference. Were all goin to Hell, right?

COLE: Where you think we been the last 24 years? After this, whatever you is gonna seem like you get a wine invitation.

HENRY: What do you want here, Preacher? You killed them, didnt you. You killed Grissom, I saw it on TV

COLE: He had to pay, Henry. All of us have to answer for what did over there---cant get away from it.

Many Vietnamese people appear, holding guns

HENRY: No.

COLE: He retains that is anger forever because he delights in mercy. He will turn again. He will have compassion on us. He will subdue our inequities and he will cast all our sins into the depths of the sea. Its all right, Henry. Its all over now.

The Vietnamese people raise their guns and fire at Henry, killing him.




SCENE 9
The scene goes to the FBI headquarters. Mulder and Krycek look at photos of a murdered man posted on a bulletin board.
KRYCEK: The victims name was Henry Willig. Unemployed and lived on disability. Police found no indication of force entry of struggle, no abrasions or contusions on the body and cause of death is being listed as a burst aneurysm.

MULDER: So, why did your friend from homicide call us.

KRYCEK: Because the medical examiner called him. The autopsy revealed forty-three small internal hemorrhages and skeletal fragments which doesnt just happen spontaneously. Not without some corresponding external trauma.

MULDER: So what does the ME have to say about it?

KRYCEK: He said if he didnt know otherwise, he would swear they were gunshot wounds.

MULDER: Whats this scar right here?

KRYCEK: According to his medical history, the only surgery he ever had was an appendectomy.

MULDER: Well, unless they got to his appendix through his neck.

KRYCEK: Maybe it happened during Vietnam. Willig did a tour with the Marines in 1970, and Im sure they didnt keep the best of records.

MULDER: Willig was a Marine? So where do all Marines receive basic training on the East coast?

KRYCEK: Parris Island.

MULDER: Where Grissom was stationed from 1968 to 1971.

KRYCEK: Which means that he and Willig were there at the same time, 24 years ago.

MULDER: Here we go. Willig was assigned to Special Forces on Re-con squad J-7. Of thirteen original members, hes one of two survivors.

KRYCEK: Until yesterday.

MULDER: This leaves us with one person who can tell us what happened on Parris Island.




SCENE 10
Scene flashes to a sleep disorder clinic.

DOCTOR: Ive been supervising Mr. Coles treatment since I admitted him twelve years ago. Fraid you wont find him very cooperative, though.

MULDER: We just want to ask him a few questions about his military service.

DOCTOR: He doesnt respond very well to authority figures.

MULDER: Is that why you put him in isolation?

DOCTOR: Oh, weve had to house Mr. Cole in this section of the ward because he kept interfering with our treatment of the other patients.

MULDER: How was he interfering?

DOCTOR: He was disrupting their sleep patterns. Psychiatric patients especially, its critical that the Circadian cycles be strictly maintained. . .

MULDER: Excuse me, but exactly how would Cole disrupt their sleep?

DOCTOR: Here we are. Mr. Cole, there are some gentlemen here to. . .

Cole is not in his cell when the door is opened.

RECEPTIONIST: You discharged him just a few days ago.

DOCTOR: I most certainly did not. Dont you think I would remember if I did.

RECEPTIONIST: Well, I was on shift, Doctor. You signed the order yourself. Thats your signature, isnt it?

MULDER: Lets get Coles face onto the wire.

Mulders cell phone rings.

MULDER: Mulder.

X: Mr. Mulder. I have obtained some information that may shed some light on your current work. You must exercise discretion when we meet. If anyone follows you, I wont be there.




SCENE 11
Scene flashed to an old, abandon warehouse.
MULDER: Who are you?

X: Who I am is irrelevant.

MULDER: Why are you trying to help me?

X: You think I want to be here, Agent Mulder? I dont want to be here.

MULDER: What is this?

X: Data from a top secret military project. Borne of the idea that sleep was the soldiers greatest enemy.

MULDER: Of course. Someone was conducting sleep deprivation experiments on Parris Island.

X: Not deprivation, eradication.

MULDER: Why?

X: Why else? To build a better soldier. Sustained wakefulness dulls fear, heightens aggression. Science had just put a man on the moon. So they looked to science to win a losing war.

MULDER: And Willig and Cole were the lab rats.

X: Lab rats with the highest kill ratio in the marine corps. 4,000 plus confirmed kills for a thirteen man squad.

MULDER: You think Coles behind whats happening now?

X: Im not here to do your thinking, Agent Mulder. All I know is Augustus Cole hasnt slept in 24 years. Theres someone else you should see. A member of the squad who was reportedly killed in action.

MULDER: I thought Cole was the last.

X: His name is on the envelope.

MULDER: So how do I contact you?

X: You cant

MULDER: I may still need more.

X: You still dont get it, do you? Closing the X-Files, separating you and Scully was only the beginning. The truth is still out there, but its never been more dangerous. The man we both knew paid for that information with his life, a sacrifice Im not willing to make.




SCENE 12
Mulder waits in the car and pushes his newly acquired envelope under the car seat.
KRYCEK: Where were ya? Someone matching Coles description just robbed a drugstore in Queens and the place is located under a motel just around the corner.

MULDER: Is he alive?

KRYCEK: He was when the night man just saw him. So where were ya?

They enter the hotel.

KRYCEK: Detective Whorton? Im Agent Krycek, this is Agent Mulder

WHORTON: Ive been waiting for you guys. I tried holding the swat guys back but theyre getting a little antsy. For what its worth, Cole didnt steal dime-one from that drug store, just a bunch of pills.

Three gunshots are fired and a scream is heard. Mulder and Krycek race up the stairs.

KRYCEK: Inside, NOW! Officer down!

MAN: We got two officers down, request emergency vehicles, immediately.

Cole is seen against the wall outside.

KRYCEK: Whats going on here Mulder? These two officers, they shot each other.




SCENE 13
Scene flashes to Scully typing on her computer.
SCULLY: Also in the described in the report, is a highly experimental neurosurgical procedure meant to induce a permanent waking state. The procedure involved cutting out part of the brainstem in the mid-frontal region which would explain Henry Willigs scar. A similar scar should also be evident on Augustus Cole. Post-op treatment also included a regiment of synthetic supplements to replenish the organic deficits caused by prolong lack of sleep. This is consistent with the anti-depressants Cole robbed from the pharmacy. These drugs maintain serotonin levels in the blood. Serotonin being the primary substance produced during sleep. While it is theoretically possible that this procedure greatly diminished the subjects need for sleep, I can neither quantify nor substantiate its success without further clinical evidence.

Telephone rings.

SCULLY: Scully

MULDER: Well, that second officer is still in a coma, so I dont think we can count on him to give us an answer.

SCULLY: Im going over these reports you faxed me. Theyre incredible.

MULDER: Well, the military all ready sent troops to radioactive mushroom clouds, I guess they figured they had to top themselves, right?

SCULLY: Sleep eradication still doesnt explain the shooting of those two officers, or the anomalous autopsy results on Willig and Dr. Grissom.

MULDER: Well, I learned something at Dr. Grissoms clinic. About what happens to a persons cortex when you stimulate it with electricity.

SCULLY: They experience mild visual and auditory hallucinations, any first year med. student could tell you that.

MULDER: Well, what if that stimulus were to come from a remote source? What if Cole had somehow developed the ability to project his unconscious.

SCULLY: Are you suggesting that Cole killed these people with telepathic images?

MULDER: Think about it, Scully. In all those years without REM sleep, maybe Cole built a bridge between the waking world and the dream world. A collective unconscious. And what if, by existing consciously in the unconscious world, he developed the ability to externalize his dreams and effectively alter reality.

SCULLY: Even if youre right, youll have a much better chance of finding Cole if you work up a profile and try to surmise his next move.

MULDER: All right, Ill sharpen my pencils and Ill see you later.

Krycek beckons towards Mulder.

MULDER: Ill be right there, Krycek.

SCULLY: Where are you going?

MULDER: Were gonna check out another member of the squad and see if he can tell us anything about Cole.

SCULLY: Sounds like your new partners working out.

MULDER: Hes all right. He could use a little more seasoning and some wardrobe advice But hes a lot more open to extreme possibilities then. . .

SCULLY: Then I was?

MULDER: . . .then I assumed he would be.

SCULLY: Must be nice not having someone question your every move, poking holes in all your theories.

MULDER: Oh yeah, its---its great. Im surprised I put up with you so long.

SCULLY: Youd better go. Ill read over this report again and see what else I can come up with.

MULDER: Okay.

Hangs up phone.



SCENE 14
Mulder and Krycek walk into a diner.

MULDER: Salvatore Matola?

MATOLA: You gonna shoot me? You gonna kill me?

MULDER: Were with the FBI. We just want to ask you some questions. Whyd you think we were gonna kill you?

MATOLA: I dunno.

MULDER: You know about Willig and Grissom.

MOTOLA: I read about it in the paper. I guess theyre finally killin us all off.

MULDER: Who? Hey Sal, can you spare a few minutes?

MATOLA: I guess so. I got a break comin up. Spare a few minutes. I guess. They said its be like living two lifetimes. At---at first, thats what it was like. Not having to sleep at all made us feel like nothin could touch us, you know? Wed do 24 hour patrols, night ambushes, you know, and that type of thing.

MULDER: And you never got tired?

MATOLA: No. Not so that we had to sleep. And then, nothing that the pills couldnt fix.

MULDER: Serotonin?

MATOLA: Yeah.

MULDER: How long did this go on?

MATOLA: Quite awhile, Id say. Quite awhile until we stopped taking orders from the company commander in Saigon.

KRYCEK: You mean the entire squad went AWOL?

MATOLA: Yeah, somethin like that.

MULDER: Well, then who did you take orders from?

MATOLA: We just made up missions as we went along, until it didnt matter anymore who we were killing. Farmers, women. Outside of Phu Bai, there was this school, they were just kids.

KRYCEK: No one ever tried to stop you?

MATOLA: No, sir.

MULDER: We suspect that Augustus Cole may be behind the murders of Willig and Grissom.

MATOLA: Preacher? Thats what we used to call him on account that he was always reading from his bible, saying this and that about judgment day. Sayin that well have to pay for what we were doin'. Thats what he said back then, thats what hes sayin.

MULDER: But why Grissom. He was never in country, he wasnt even part of the squadron.

MATOLA: Sure he was. He made us what we are. Him and Dr. Gerardi.

MULDER: Whos Gerardi?

MATOLA: The other Doc. The one who did the surgeries on us. Its because of him, I havent slept a night in 24 years.



SCENE 15
Mulder and Krycek are stuck in a traffic jam -- the Long Island Expressway at rush hour.
MULDER: Were going after Gerardi. Cole sees himself as a kind of avenging angel. In his mind, everyone responsible for the atrocities, whether directly or indirectly, must be punished.

KRYCEK: Yeah, but why now. Why after all these years.

MULDER: Phu Bai was one of the bloodiest massacres of the war. Over 300 children slaughtered. But unlike My Lai, no US troops were ever charged. The 24th anniversary of the massacre was two days ago.

Mulders cell phone rings.

MULDER: Mulder.

SCULLY: I think I found the Francis Gerardi youre looking for. Hes a professor of neurosurgery at Harvard.

MULDER: Do you have his number in Boston?

SCULLY: Yes, except hes coming to New York for Grissoms funeral, tonight. HeS arriving at bronx station on the 7:30 train.

MULDER: Try to have a photograph waiting for us at the security desk so we know who were looking for, okay?

SCULLY: Got it.




SCENE 16
Mulder and Krycek arrive at the station. They acquire the photograph and run to find him.

MULDER: Stay here, Ill cover you on the side.

Mulder thinks he sees Gerardi..

MULDER: Federal Agent! Drop your weapon.

Mulder fires four shots.

Krycek runs towards him.

KRYCEK: Mulder.

MULDER: Gerardi! Where is he?

KRYCEK: Gerardis not here.

MULDER: I saw him.

KRYCEK: Mulder! You were shouting and waving your gun around, but Gerardi never showed.

MULDER: No, Gerardi was here, and so was Cole. We just missed them.

KRYCEK: Mulder, if they had been here, I would have seen it. Im telling you Mulder, they werent here.




SCENE 17
Mulder and Krycek go to the security office at the station.
MULDER: Okay, theres nothing here. Start with a small window of time, say 1935 to 1945. If you dont find anything in that time frame, then open it up one minute at a time. With all these cameras, we should be able to see something.

KRYCEK: Can we talk for a second.

MULDER: Whats the problem.

KRYCEK: You still havent answered my question. What happened?

MULDER: I told you, I thought I saw Gerardi.

KRYCEK: Come on, you just about killed somebody back there. We both know Im covering for you by keeping it between us.

MULDER: All right, what do you want to know.

KRYCEK: Whats the truth? There are things youre not telling me that I need to know.

MULDER: Its just that my ideas usually arent very popular.

KRYCEK: I told you, I want to believe. But I need a place to start.

MULDER: I think that Cole possesses the psychic ability to manipulate sounds and images to generate illusions that are so convincing they can kill. Hows that for a theory.

KRYCEK: Puts a whole new spin on virtual reality but at least it begins to explain some things.

SECURITY OFFICER: Agent Mulder, see this car in the upper right corner?

MULDER: Yeah.

SECURITY OFFICER: It wasnt there five minutes ago.

MULDER: Where is this.

SECURITY OFFICER: Track 17. Its a restricted part of the yard.




SCENE 18
Scene flashes to Cole and Gerardi.

GERARDI: What are you doing? This is insane. You cant do this to me. You cant hold me responsible. I was following orders, just like you.

COLE: The lord hates the lying tongue.

GERARDI: Its the truth.

Cole hits Gerardi.

COLE: The truth is what you did to us. What you made us do.

GERARDI: No one Made you do anything. You volunteered.

COLE: The righteous shall rejoice when he sees the vengeance.

GERARDI: Who is it? Whos there.

COLE: He shall wash his feet in the wicked

GERARDI: Who is it. I cant see without my glasses.

COLE: You dont need to see to know who it is. You know who it is!

Troops are seen walking by and they pick up scalpels.

COLE: You shall pay as the judge has determined. We shall give life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burn for burn. Wound for wound, strike for strike. As he has disfigured a man, so shall he be disfigured. And he who kills a man shall be put to death.

Mulder and Krycek drive in.

GERARDI: AHHHH!!!!

They search the place.

MULDER: Hes still alive. Put pressure on the wound on the back of his neck and radio for help. NOW!

KRYCEK: This is Agent Krycek requesting emergency assistance. My location is track 17 in the freight way house.

MULDER: Step away from the edge. Corporal Cole, Im a federal agent, now please, step back.

COLE: Go ahead, shoot me.

MULDER: Thats not why Im here. Im putting down my gun. I just want to talk to you for a few minutes, after that, youre free to do whatever you want.

COLE: Im tired.

MULDER: I know.

COLE: Naw, man, you dont know. You have no idea.

MULDER: One minute is all Im asking.

COLE: One minute is more than I can give. My bloods boilin in my veins. I can feel the air stingin on my skin.

MULDER: What the military did to you was wrong, but your testimony can help.

COLE: They cut out a part of my brain. They made me into somebody else. I can never get back what they took away from me, and Im gonna stop them from taking anything more.

Krycek walks into the room and extends his weapon.

MULDER: Krycek put down the gun and get out of here. Krycek, I said put down the gun and get out of here!

Krycek sees Cole raising a gun. When Mulder looks over, he sees Cole raising his bible.

MULDER: NO!!!!!!

Krycek fires his gun twice, killing Cole.

COLE: Good-night.

KRYCEK: He had a gun. He was gonna shoot you.

MULDER: You did the right thing.

Mulder reaches under his car seat to find that the file is gone. He goes to Scullys office.




SCENE 19
SCULLY: They broke into my office. Went through my files, my computer. . .I came as soon as security called but the report was all ready gone.

MULDER: Someone went through a lot of trouble stealing both our copies to keep this a secret.

SCULLY: Without that report as evidence, Skinners not going to authorize an investigation.

MULDER: He said its never been more dangerous.

SCULLY: Skinner?

MULDER: No, the man who leaked us the report. The one whos been helping us.

SCULLY: You actually met with him.

MULDER: He said that closing down the X-Files was just the beginning. That weve never been in greater danger.

SCULLY: Do you trust him



SCENE 20
Scene flashes to Krycek in front of three members of the
Consortium.

CANCERMAN: Do you know where he got this?

KRYCEK: Not yet. But he got it. Which means hes either found another source, or another source has found him. Sir, if I can recommend something. Youll see that I have outlined several counter measures.

CANCERMAN: What about Scully?

KRYCEK: Reassigning them to other areas seems to have only strengthened their determination. Scullys a problem. A much larger problem than you described.

CANCERMAN: Every problem has a solution.

He puts out his cigarette.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
PULASKI, VIRGINIA; JUNE 3, 1985
(A dog runs into the kitchen and starts to eat his food. The TV blares in the background.)

MAN #1 ON TV: Hold, punster! Find the prisoner!

MAN #2 ON TV: Find the prisoner!

MAN #1 ON TV: There, there, whoa! Who's this?

(The dog starts off to another room.)

MAN #3 ON TV: There, there's been a mistake. Get me a lawyer.

MAN #1 ON TV: Forward, punster. Where is the king?

MAN #4 ON TV: In the great hall, sire.

(The house is not completely done. Sheets cover the walls as if it is under construction. The dog runs into the room with his owner, Duane Barry. Barry is lying on the bed.)

MAN #5 ON TV: Enough! My horses.

MAN #4 ON TV: Aye, sire.

MAN #5 ON TV: "Ode to the Great Hawk."

(Sounds of swords clashing. Then fanfare, but soon the TV goes out. Static fills the screen and the dog grows worried. Outside, strange beings wander about. The dog growls softly. He whimpers and runs out. Duane wakes up with a startle, knowing that they are there.)

DUANE BARRY: It can't be.

(He shakes, unable to move, as light grows on either side of the room, shining through the plastic sheets. Silhouettes of the creatures press up against the sheets.)

No, no! Not again!

(He screams as loud as he can. The light grows bigger as the aliens surround his bed. Outside, his dog barks at the UFO hovering over his house, shining it's light down into the house.)




SCENE 2
DAVIS CORRECTIONAL TREATMENT CENTER; MARION, VIRGINIA; PRESENT DAY
(A guard leads Barry, who has wrist restraints on, past many of the other residents of the center. The guard knocks on the door and opens it, then brings Barry in. Doctor Hakkie turns around and stands up.)

HAKKIE: Hello, Duane. Nice to see you.

DUANE BARRY: Nice to see you too, Doc.

(Hakkie motions to the guard, who leaves and closes the door.)

HAKKIE: How are you feeling today?

DUANE BARRY: Pretty good.

HAKKIE: Why don't we sit down, Duane? I want to go over a few things with you.

DUANE BARRY: Okay.

(They sit down across from each other.)

HAKKIE: Now, uh, it says here that you've been refusing to take your medicine.

DUANE BARRY: I don't like the way it makes me feel.

HAKKIE: Okay, all right, let's talk about that. Because we give you that medicine for a reason, Duane, because of your behavior.

DUANE BARRY: I know, I know.

HAKKIE: Because we don't want you to hurt anybody again.

(Barry nods.)

You're still hearing voices?

DUANE BARRY: I'm not crazy, Doc. Duane Barry's not like these other guys.

HAKKIE: No, everybody here is different.

DUANE BARRY: They're coming again. They're coming again, I can feel it. They're going to take Duane Barry to this place.

HAKKIE: Nobody's coming, Duane.

(Barry rocks back and forth in his chair.)

DUANE BARRY: Nobody can stop them.

HAKKIE: I'm going to give you a shot.

(He stands and goes to his desk.)

I think you just need some rest.

(He prepares a shot. Barry looks at the pen on the desk.)

Now, this will make you sleep... and you'll wake up and you will see that we didn't let anybody hurt you. Okay, Duane?

(He turns around to see Barry walking out the door.)

Duane?

(He starts after him. Duane hurries down the hall and jabs the pen into the guard's back, then into his neck. He picks up the gun and points it at the other residents.)

Duane!

(Duane turns around and aims it at the doctor.)

DUANE BARRY: Get away, get away.

(The doctor walks slowly towards him, hands raised.)

HAKKIE: Put the gun down, Duane.

DUANE BARRY: Give me the keys.

HAKKIE: Duane...

DUANE BARRY: Give me the damn keys!

MAN: Yeah, do it!

(The alarm goes off. Duane, panicking, runs up to the doc.)

HAKKIE: No, no!

(Barry hits him on the head with the butt of the gun.)

DUANE BARRY: Either way, Doc, we're getting out of here together. You guys... let's do it now. Go! Go! Go!




SCENE 3
WASHINGTON, D.C.; AUGUST 7, 1994
(Krycek looks down at the large indoor swimming pool and makes his way down to it. Mulder, wearing only red speedos, is doing laps. He reaches the end of the pool as Krycek walks up.)

KRYCEK: Agent Mulder!

MULDER: Krycek, what's up?

(He gets out of the pool.)

KRYCEK: There's a situation going down. They want you out there right away.

(They start walking.)

MULDER: What kind of situation?

KRYCEK: Hostage negotiation.

MULDER: And they want me?

KRYCEK: Yeah.

MULDER: What for?

(Mulder picks up his towel and dries his face and hair.)

KRYCEK: The guy escaped a mental institution. He's got four people at gunpoint in an office building. Claims he's being controlled by aliens.




SCENE 4
DOWNTOWN RICHMOND, VA.; AUGUST 7, 1994
(Snipers sit on the roof of the building across the street from Travel Time Travel Agency, pointing their guns. Sirens stop blaring. Mulder and Krycek drive up as policemen hold back the crowd.)

POLICEMAN: Stay back!

(As a SWAT truck drives by, they get out of their car. They show the policeman their badges.)

KRYCEK: Krycek, Mulder, F.B.I. What's your handle?

POLICEMAN: Right that way, sir.

(They run into the building. Inside, people are working hard.)

MAN #1: Yes, sir.

MAN #2: Okay, I've got it right here. Lucy?

(He hands the paper to Lucy Kazdin. She looks at the paper and turns to see Krycek and Mulder at the doorway. She walks over to them and shakes Mulder's hand.)

LUCY KAZDIN: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

LUCY KAZDIN: Lucy Kazdin, negotiations commander. Thanks for coming.

MULDER: This is Agent Krycek.

LUCY KAZDIN: Let me show you what we've got.

(They walk over to a blackboard, which she turns around. Agent Rich is also there. Written on the board is four words: honesty, containment, conciliation and resolution. Other things are also written down.)

His name's Duane Barry. He's armed with a nine millimeter Smith & Wesson handgun, one nine-round magazine. It is our belief he's prepared to use the gun and not afraid to die.

MULDER: What does he want?

LUCY KAZDIN: Safe passage for himself and his original hostage, a shrink named Hakkie.

MULDER: Passage to where?

LUCY KAZDIN: He's bent on taking the Doctor with him to an alien abduction site, only he can't quite remember where the site is so he stopped at a travel agency.

MULDER: Is he lucid?

LUCY KAZDIN: Yes, but he's off his medication so he's manic, ranting about scoop mark scars on his body, homing devices, and a lot of other nonsense.

MULDER: Like what?

LUCY KAZDIN: This whole alien abduction business, which I guess you know something about.

MULDER: Yeah, yeah, but I've never been in a hostage negotiation before.

LUCY KAZDIN: Oh, we'll take you through it. Agent Rich is our advisory commander. He and I will be coaching you.

(Rich stands next to her.)

RICH: What Mister Barry needs right now is a friend, someone who appears to understand him and can appeal to his sense of reason.

(Mulder nods. Rich looks at Kazdin.)

MULDER: Do we know anything about his abduction experiences?

LUCY KAZDIN: You really believe in this stuff, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Is that a problem?

LUCY KAZDIN: We're here to save lives. You'll begin negotiations immediately. Every three hours, we'll reevaluate your progress and let our tactical commander advise and update on the use of force.

(He nods and walks past them. The other agents disperse. Mulder walks up to her.)

MULDER: If this man is an abductee, I need to know more about him, his personal history. Each abduction case is different.

LUCY KAZDIN: That material's not been made available to us.

MULDER: And nobody's thought to call the hospital for records?

LUCY KAZDIN: Look, Agent Mulder. The guy's a psycho. Your object is to keep him on the phone. The longer you do, the more chance he's not going to kill anybody. We stop to do a Freudian analysis, next thing we know, we've got four dead hostages. So whatever crap you got to make up about space men or UFOs, just keep him on the phone.

(She walks away.)




SCENE 5
TRAVEL TIME TRAVEL AGENCY
(Bob is sitting on the floor, looking up at Duane. His fellow hostages, Kimberly and Gwen, are seated next to him. Hakkie is tied to a chair.)

BOB: Are we going to have to sit like this all night?

(Duane backhands him and the woman gasp. Duane leans in and whispers loudly.)

DUANE BARRY: I told you to shut up.

GWEN: We all have families, for God's sake.

(Barry stands up.)

HAKKIE: Duane? Don't hurt anyone. Please?

(Barry walks over to him and grabs him by the collar.)

DUANE BARRY: I'm not going to hurt you, Doc. Because this time, you're going with Duane Barry so you can see what it's like... that it's real!

(The phone rings. Cut to the makeshift FBI office. Mulder is sitting down with headphones on. Rich and Kazdin have headphones on as well, and Kazdin is pacing. Duane picks up.)

MULDER: Duane?

DUANE BARRY: Yeah?

MULDER: This is Special Agent Fox Mulder.

(Mulder looks down at his notepad, which has instructions.)

Look, I want to try to help you.

(Cut back to the travel agency, where Barry paces, holding the phone to his ear.)

DUANE BARRY: Yeah? Well... we're just sitting here, waiting for, uh... travel plans.

(Cut to Mulder, who glances down at his notepad briefly as he talks every few seconds.)

MULDER: I think I know what you're going through, Duane. I just want to make sure you get what you want and that...

(He looks at the blackboard. Kazdin points off each of the names and Mulder reads them off.)

Bob, Kimberly and Gwen and Doctor Hakkie don't get hurt.

(Cut to Duane, who is growing livid.)

DUANE BARRY: You know what I'm going through? You think you know what Duane Barry's going through? You don't know jack!

(Duane is screaming at the top of his lungs. Cut to the FBI office, where Kazdin looks at Mulder to see how he will handle this. Mulder stands.)

MULDER: I know you're scared, Duane, and that you'd like to see this all come out right.

(Cut to Duane, who is pacing now.)

DUANE BARRY: Yeah, right. So they can... put me back in the nuthouse... where I belong!

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: We're only concerned about your safety, Duane. You and the others.

(Cut to Duane. Duane looks through the blinds and sees Mulder through the window across the street.)

DUANE BARRY: Hey... what's your name? Mulder? I know the routine.

(He walks away from the window.)

Honesty... containment... conciliation.

(Cut to Mulder, who looks at Kazdin, shocked.)

Am I missing something?

MULDER: You need someone to trust, Duane.

(Cut back to Duane, who is growing angry again.)

I know a lot of people who have been through similar experiences.

DUANE BARRY: You want to do something for me, Agent Mulder? You keep your dogs on a leash.

(Cut to Mulder, who is walking towards Kazdin, angry.)

You try to gas me out or do anything stupid...

(Cut to Duane. The hostages cower in the corner.)

These people die. They're not taking me again. You got it? They can take somebody else!

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Nobody's going to try anything, Duane.

(Duane hangs up and the dialtone starts. Mulder takes the headset off his ears and looks at Kazdin.)

Who is this guy? He's F.B.I., isn't he?

LUCY KAZDIN: Former F.B.I.

MULDER: And you didn't think to mention that?

LUCY KAZDIN: He's been out of the bureau since 1982. Institutionalized on and off for over a decade. It's beside the point.

(He takes the headset off and puts it down on a desk.)

MULDER: The point being that the bureau wants to minimize it's embarrassment, isn't that it? That we can police our own.

LUCY KAZDIN: They would like it done as neatly and cleanly as possible.

MULDER: Well, you're off to a hell of a start.

RICH: Negotiation is a process, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: Well, if you just wanted somebody to come down and read the script, you didn't have to bring me out.

RICH: This method has proven extremely successful in winning the hostage-taker's trust.

MULDER: No, no, that man is afraid. And the only way you're going to win his trust is by trying to understand what he's afraid of.

(Rich tilts his head, a little annoyed.)

Have you ever spoken to an abductee, Agent Kazdin? Heard them talk about having their brains sucked out through their nostril while being wide awake through the experience? Would you like to know what they do to a woman's ovaries?

(She looks up at him quickly.)

LUCY KAZDIN: Not particularly.

MULDER: Well, then understand that you might have to alter your approach a little bit here.

(He walks out, brushing past Krycek. She takes off her headset as the rest of the agents stir and start to move again.)

KRYCEK: Is there anything I can do?

LUCY KAZDIN: Yeah, what's your name again?

KRYCEK: Krycek.

LUCY KAZDIN: Krycek, have you got your notepad?

(He goes to take it out of his inside coat pocket.)

Grande, two percent cappuccino with vanilla. Agent Rich?

(Rich waves it off. She walks away and Krycek shoves the notepad back into his pocket, smiling a little.)




SCENE 6
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is watching the news report.)

REPORTER ON TV: ...of the hostages. As you can see, Carl, the SWAT team has taken positions on all the surrounding buildings...

(The phone rings and she picks up.)

SCULLY: Scully.

MULDER: It's me. I'm in Virginia.

SCULLY: Yeah, I know. I've been watching it on TV. What's going on out there?

MULDER: What's the media saying?

SCULLY: That an escaped mental patient is holding four people hostage in a travel agency.

(Cut to Mulder, who is talking on his cellular phone away from the other agents.)

MULDER: Well, what they're not telling you is that he's former F.B.I. who also claims to be an alien abductee.

SCULLY: Seriously?

MULDER: Yeah, his name's Duane Barry. Look, Scully, I need your help.

(Cut to Scully as she boots up her computer.)

I need you to find out what happened to him. Anything, transcripts from therapy sessions, hypnotic regressions...

(Cut back to Mulder.)

Anything about his abduction experience.

(The lights suddenly go out and the agents murmur. Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

(Cut back to Mulder. Men are screaming in back of him.)

MULDER: The lights just went out here.

(All the lights in the building go out. The snipers are watching.)

MAN #1: Stay back.

MAN #2: Come on, we're losing power!

SNIPER: What the hell is going on?

(The fountain turns off. Duane, agitated, starts waving his gun around. Gwen screams. The only lights are from the police cars outside. The agents start looking through the windows.)

MAN #1: Tactical unit, what are you guys up to?

TACTICAL COMMANDER: Nothing, absolutely nothing sir.

(A bright light builds outside, blinding the agents.)

MAN #1: Ah, what the?

(The light fades and a gunshot goes off. The agents duck and cover.)

Get down, everybody get down! Backup from command. Shots have been fired. Locate and report. I repeat, locate and report.

(More gunshots go off. Duane is shooting wildly. Gwen screams with each gunshot. Ambulances gather outside.)

RICH: We've lost our captured line.

MAN #1: We have either four or five shots fired!

(Mulder walks over to Rich.)

MULDER: What's the number there?

RICH: 555-2804.

(Mulder picks up the phone and dials.)

MAN #1: Repeat, we have either four or five shots fired!

LUCY KAZDIN: Our electrical substation blew. We've got no power up and down the block.

(Duane picks up.)

MULDER: Duane?

(Cut to Duane. The women are chatting nervously in the background.)

DUANE BARRY: I told you.

MULDER: Is everybody all right, Duane?

DUANE BARRY: You didn't believe me, did you?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: No, I, I believe you. I just need to know if...

(Cut to Duane, who's pacing.)

...anybody's been shot.

(Duane looks down at Bob, who is bleeding heavily. Gwen is tending to him.)

GWEN: I need towels. Kimberly? Kimberly? He's going to bleed to death.

(She looks at Kimberly, who won't move.)

DUANE BARRY: I guess we're going to need a doctor.

(Mulder moves the phone away from his ear, frowning. A man turns on a small receiver and puts it in Mulder's ear while a man instructs him.)

TACTICAL COMMANDER: Now, you'll have almost full ambient hearing loss in this ear. Your sense of balance might be affected slightly, particularly if you have to move quickly or get into a physical situation. If you get trapped or held in the building for some reason, we'll be able to warn you if there's a tactical assault. Now remember, he's either got four or five rounds left.

(He adjusts Mulder's blue vest.)

Now, there's a wireless mic hidden in the top of this flak jacket. Speaking in a normal tone of voice, we should be able to hear anything you say up to a hundred yards.

(Mulder buttons his EMT shirt over it.)

Make every attempt to keep these devices concealed. You put a normal telephone handset to that ear, it'll cause feedback and reveal that you're wired.

(Kazdin walks up to him.)

LUCY KAZDIN: You really want to do this?

MULDER: Yeah.

(They start walking, followed by the tactical commander and another man.)

LUCY KAZDIN: Your job will be to deliver medical help to the hostage. Anything else is just a bonus. You're to get in and get out. You are not to risk your own life. Whatever you believe...

MULDER: Don't jump into his delusion. I can't negotiate with him if he thinks I believe him.

LUCY KAZDIN: Right.

(She points at the man standing next to her.)

This is Agent Janus, he's a trained medic. He'll work on the hostage. You're to keep Duane Barry talking. Like I said, if he's talking, he's not going to shoot anybody including you.

(The tactical commander leads Mulder off to the side.)

TACTICAL COMMANDER: Now, I've got three snipers out there. Anything you can do to get him to the front door, all we need is one shot to the medulla oblongata.

(He touches the back of Mulder's neck where the medulla oblongata is located. Mulder nods. Mulder and Janus walk out, Janus carrying his orange case.)

SNIPER: Tac command, this is rooftop zero-two. I have them in sight. They're passing the fountain and approaching the front entrance now.

(Mulder knocks on the door. Kimberly pulls open the shades.)

DUANE BARRY: Just unlock the door and move back.

(Kimberly unlocks the door and sits down. Mulder and Janus walk in.)

MULDER: Duane?

DUANE BARRY: Hands in the air!

(Mulder puts his hands up. Duane, concealed in shadows in the back, has his gun trained on Mulder.)

Put the kit on the floor slowly.

(Janus does so.)

MULDER: We're unarmed.

(Duane steps into the light.)

We just want to help the injured.

GWEN: Over here.

(Mulder looks over at Gwen, who is tending to Bob. Bob is laying on the ground.)

DUANE BARRY: Face the door! That's right.

(They do so. Duane pats them down.)

Not armed, huh? You're F.B.I., aren't you? Got a gun in the kit?

MULDER: No.

DUANE BARRY: Are you wearing a wire?

MULDER: No. We're just here to help.

DUANE BARRY: Okay...

(Duane finishes patting them down and backs away. Mulder and Janus start to turn around. Cut to the makeshift office, where Kazdin, Rich and others are listening in intently.)

MULDER: Nobody's going to try anything, Duane.

LUCY KAZDIN: That's right, good. You want to work with him.

MULDER: We just want to make sure no one else gets hurt.

(In the office, Janus goes over to the wounded.)

DUANE BARRY: Just do your business and get out.

(Duane walks around Hakkie, keeping his gun trained.)

JANUS: How's he doing?

GWEN: He's bad.

(Mulder and Janus look down at Bob.)

JANUS: Hi, my name is Janus. I'm a paramedic. Hold on, we're going to take care of you, okay?

(Mulder turns back to Duane.)

MULDER: They want to work with you, Duane, but you got to work with them. Why not let the others go?

DUANE BARRY: Doc's going with me.

MULDER: Then let the women go.

(Barry squeezes the gun tighter.)

Were they here, Duane? The light... was that them?

DUANE BARRY: Don't try and B.S. Duane Barry.

MULDER: Well, we lost time. I checked my watch. Isn't that what happens? Time stops. Isn't it?

(Duane flashes back to him on the bed screaming very briefly.)

Duane?

(Barry closes his eyes as he flashes back repeatedly to him screaming loudly, a whirring around him. The light flickering. He looks to the right and sees aliens outside, trying to get in. In the present, Duane snaps out of it and breathes heavily. He starts to back away slowly.)

DUANE BARRY: You're making it up.

MULDER: Isn't that what they've been saying to you, Duane? That you're making it up?

DUANE BARRY: They say it's all inside my head. All they want to do is just give me more drugs.

MULDER: I hear you, Duane.

DUANE BARRY: You hear me 'cause I got a gun.

MULDER: No. I believe your story.

(Cut to the makeshift office, where Kazdin is getting agitated.)

LUCY KAZDIN: No, you're feeding into his psychosis.

MULDER: I know you're afraid. I know the pain and the fear you must feel.

LUCY KAZDIN: Just listen to me.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

Don't try to identify with him.

MULDER: I've talked to people, Duane. People just like you, and nobody wanted to believe.

(Duane's starts to relax. Janus pats Mulder on the shoulder and whispers into his ear.)

JANUS: This man's going to die unless we get him to a hospital.

(He goes back to Bob.)

MULDER: Why don't you let him go, Duane? There's no reason this man has to die. Come on, Duane. You've got the power. Let him go.

(Duane stares into his eyes.)

DUANE BARRY: Okay.

MULDER: Good. You made the right choice. Now, we're just going to move him carefully to the door.

DUANE BARRY: No! Baldy can go. But you stay. I'm trading the bald man for you.

(Cut to the office, where Kazdin is whispering to Rich.)

LUCY KAZDIN: Damn it!

(Janus walks out with Bob and other agents come over to help him.)

MAN: You're going to be all right, sir... just keep moving.

(Duane ties Mulder to a chair.)

DUANE BARRY: Now, let's see how good a liar you are.

MULDER: I'm telling the truth, Duane.

DUANE BARRY: How could you ever know what Duane Barry's been through? How could anyone know?

MULDER: It happened to my sister.

DUANE BARRY: Don't you think you can lie to save their lives. I want some honesty! I want some respect!

(Hakkie coughs around his new gag. Mulder nods. Duane walks over to Hakkie.)

I'm tired of all the B.S.!

MULDER: How does it happen, Duane? Driving in your car? Alone in bed at night? When do they come to you? You're paralyzed, aren't you? Unable to move. Sometimes, you can't even breathe. You feel an electric shock go through your body...

(Cut to Kazdin, who is pissed.)

...and then they're there.

LUCY KAZDIN: He's going to push him right over the edge. I need a clear picture of what's going on in there.

MAN: Right away.

(He runs off.)

LUCY KAZDIN: You're choosing a dangerous course, Agent Mulder.

(Cut to Mulder. Duane stands over him.)

MULDER: There are beings, aren't there, Duane? Are they tall or small?

DUANE BARRY: No! No!

MULDER: Diminutive...

(Duane closes his eyes and tenses up as he starts to remember. Aliens pound against his walls. Whirring is loud. Duane looks widely at Mulder.)

They take you, Duane, against your will.

GWEN: He's going to kill us...

(Mulder looks at her briefly and keeps talking.)

MULDER: You're powerless. Sometimes, you can't even speak. It's always the same, nobody can help you. Where do they take you, Duane? Is there a ship? Do they take you to a ship, Duane? How do you get there? Are you conscious or being transported?

(In the past, Duane starts to float up off the bed as aliens surround his bed. His breathing is heavily, his eyes barely open. The light engulfs them. Cut to the office, where they are still listening. Duane has calmed down.)

DUANE BARRY: They're, uh... they're talking to Duane Barry. But they don't speak.

(Cut to Duane, who is sitting down on the floor, leaning against a desk cabinet.)

He can hear what they're saying. They can... read his mind.

MULDER: That's right. Abductees call it "mindscan." It's a kind of telepathy.

DUANE BARRY: I'm telling 'em I don't want to go... but they never listen.

(Gwen has her head in her hands, thinking she's going to die. Kimberly, on the other hand, is listening intently, calmly.)

They know what I'm saying. But they just... go right on about their business.

(He stands up slowly and points to Hakkie.)

Tell him what their business is. Tell him.

MULDER: They take you aboard the ship to perform the tests.

(Duane nods slightly, breathing deeply.)

DUANE BARRY: They... drilled my teeth.

(He turns to Hakkie.)

They drilled holes in my damn teeth!

(In the past, aboard the ship, Duane is pinned down to a glass table with many white lines on it. He's wearing a baggy white suit. Aliens are around the table. His mouth is being held open by machines, and there is a red light on his mouth. A machine lowers down towards his mouth as Duane's muffled screaming grows. The aliens watch intently as a small tube comes down from the machine and stops a few inches above Duane's mouth. Suddenly, a red laser blasts into his mouth. Smoke pouring out, Duane tries to scream with all his mouth, but it comes out muffled and dampened. In the present, a man drills a hole in the wall to try to look into the room as other agents, including Rich, look at a map. In the main room, the tactical commander picks up the phone when it rings.)

TACTICAL COMMANDER: Yeah. Who here can talk to an Agent Scully?

(Krycek walks over and takes the phone.)

KRYCEK: Agent Scully, it's Alex Krycek.

(Cut to Scully, who is sitting at her computer with information on the screen.)

SCULLY: Where's Mulder?

(Cut to Krycek.)

KRYCEK: He traded himself for one of the hostages.

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: What?

KRYCEK: He's in with Duane Barry.

SCULLY: You've got to get him out of there.

KRYCEK: Well, they're working on it.

SCULLY: No, you've got to get him out of there now or he's going to be killed!

KRYCEK: How can you be sure?

SCULLY: Because Duane Barry is not what Mulder thinks he is.

(She looks at the computer screen. Next to a picture of Duane Barry is a 3-D image of his brain. In the travel agency, Duane is sitting behind Mulder and to the right.)

DUANE BARRY: How old was your sister when they took her?

MULDER: She was eight.

DUANE BARRY: I've seen kids sometimes, young girls.

MULDER: What are they doing to them?

DUANE BARRY: Doing tests. You know... testing them.

(Mulder notices that the agents are drilling the hole above Barry's head. He keeps his attention on Barry, though.)

I tell them not to cry.

MULDER: Are they hurting them?

DUANE BARRY: Oh, yeah. Sometimes... sometimes it hurts real bad, and uh... you just want to die, you know? You know what it's like, sir? It's like living with a gun to your head and never knowing when it's going to go off.

MULDER: You can let the others go, Duane. Let the others go and take me.

(Barry laughs.)

DUANE BARRY: Oh... they heard you talking like that, they're going to have your ass.

(He keeps laughing. Even Mulder smiles a little.)

MULDER: I don't care about that, Duane.

DUANE BARRY: No. I wouldn't do that to you. Besides, Doc and I got an appointment. Ain't that right, Doc?

(Mulder looks back at Hakkie, who is scared stiff. The agent feeds a small camera feed through the hole and a person next to a monitor gives the okay sign. In the monitor, we see the back of Mulder, Hakkie and the women in the corner, but Duane is out of view. The tactical commander gives Kazdin a still picture.)

TACTICAL COMMANDER: We got a picture. Mulder is here, opposite the doctor. The women are on the north wall. We can't see the east wall, Duane Barry must be there.

MAN: Hold on a second.

(Kazdin and the commander look up to see Scully arguing with an agent.)

SCULLY: No, I don't think you understand what I'm telling you. I just flew down here from Washington...

MAN: We, we got a situation in progress...

SCULLY: All right, well then let me speak to someone who's in charge.

(Krycek walks over and puts his hand on her shoulder.)

KRYCEK: You are. Calm down, Scully.

(She pushes his hand off.)

SCULLY: Don't tell me to calm down, I'm not going to calm down until I can talk to someone who will listen to what I'm saying!

(Kazdin walks over.)

LUCY KAZDIN: What's the problem here?

SCULLY: I'm Special Agent Dana Scully and I have information that is vital to your negotiations.

LUCY KAZDIN: What information?

SCULLY: I think there has been a critical misjudgment here. This man who claims to be under the control of aliens, his, his mental health history describes a rare state of psychosis.

(The phone rings. After, Scully puts a paper down in front of Kazdin, who is sitting at the desk again.)

As you can see from his medical records, in 1982, Duane Barry was shot in the line of duty, the bullet piercing his bilateral frontal lobes.

LUCY KAZDIN: Right.

SCULLY: The injury left him nearly incapable of functioning in society. It effectively destroyed the moral center of his brain. Now, almost a hundred years ago, there was a famous case. A man named Gage had a blasting rod pierce the same region.

LUCY KAZDIN: And what effect did it have?

SCULLY: He became a pathological liar, suffering from severe delusions. His behavior was characterized as bizarre and violent with a tendency to act out his fantasies.

LUCY KAZDIN: How did you get involved in this case?

SCULLY: Agent Mulder called me. We used to work together.

LUCY KAZDIN: Well, if this is true, he's got your former partner completely fooled.

SCULLY: Is there a way I can reach him with this information?

(In the travel agency, Duane slides up to Mulder in a rolling chair.)

DUANE BARRY: The government knows about it, you know. They're even in on it sometimes. Right there in the room when they come. They work together with a, uh, secret, uh, corporation.

(In the past, two men-in-black stand in the doorway as Barry is being abducted.)

MULDER: Who in the government?

DUANE BARRY: A man, the military. They're all in it together.

(Cut to the listening table in the makeshift FBI office. Scully is now wearing a headset.)

The government knows why they're here, but they wouldn't dare let the truth out. So they cooperate.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: You're going to have to deal with resolving this situation, Duane... sooner or later.

DUANE BARRY: I'm tired.

MULDER: There's no other way out. You've got to tell them what you want to do.

DUANE BARRY: I just want to go back to the place.

MULDER: What place?

DUANE BARRY: Where it first started. Where they first came and got me.

MULDER: Where is that?

(Barry sighs.)

DUANE BARRY: A mountain.

(Cut to Scully, who is listening intently.)

We went, uh, up... and up.

(Cut back to Barry.)

Ascending... ascending to the stars. I'm not going again.

(Barry groans and looks down. Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder? It's me. Listen to me. You cannot trust Duane Barry.

(Cut to Mulder. The sound is audible in his ear.)

He is a brain-damaged psychopath who took a bullet in the head. He is not what you think he is.

(Barry is startled, possibly from hearing Scully, and looks up at Mulder.)

DUANE BARRY: What?

MULDER: How do they find you each time?

DUANE BARRY: Implants... my gums, sinus cavities...

(He points to both. Then he lifts his shirt, revealing a scar over his belly button.)

... and my belly button. Tracking devices.

SCULLY: Mulder, he could snap at any time. He has a history of irrational and violent behavior.

(Cut to Scully.)

Now, you have to work towards resolving this. Now, you have his trust. You have to try and negotiate with him.

(Cut to Mulder as he lets the words sink in. He looks over at Kimberly and Gwen. Gwen is frightened while Kimberly is passive.)

MULDER: Why not let the women go, Duane? They'll deal with you if you let the women go.

SCULLY: That's good, that's good, Mulder.

(Cut to Scully.)

Now keep him talking. H.R.T. is moving into position and unless you can get him to free the hostages, they're going to execute a tactical plan.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: The women are of no consequence to you. Let them go. It's the right thing to do, Duane.

DUANE BARRY: Okay, but he stays.

(He nods towards Hakkie. Mulder nods slightly. Duane looks at the women and stands up.)

Go on, get out of here.

(The women are afraid to move.)

Get up, go on. Get out of here, go on.

(Gwen takes Kimberly's hand and they start out. Kimberly stops and looks at Duane after a second.)

KIMBERLY: I'm...

(She clears her throat.)

I just want to say that I believe you.

(Gwen walks back over and leads her out. As they walk out, agents run over to help them.)

SNIPER: The women are clear.

(Men are watching the room on the monitor.)

MAN: I got him, standing, center room... moving...

(SWAT team members begin to surround the building.)

SCULLY: This is the countdown, Mulder, they're coming at you.

(A marksman gets into position and aims at the door.)

MARKSMAN #1: Position number one, ready.

TACTICAL COMMANDER: Coming at you, number one.

(Duane looks at Mulder, more serious.)

DUANE BARRY: We're going to need transportation.

MULDER: What do you want, Duane? A car?

DUANE BARRY: I don't know.

MULDER: Do you know where you want to go?

DUANE BARRY: They're going to tell me.

MULDER: Duane, you can't leave here if you don't know where you want to go.

(The marksman readies his shot. Mulder notices the red tracking beam on the back of Duane's neck.)

Duane!

DUANE BARRY: What?

MULDER: Come here.

(Duane goes to him. The people watching the monitor take note.)

MAN: Hold your fire, you lost your line.

(Kazdin and Scully are especially tense.)

MULDER: There... there's something I want to ask you.

DUANE BARRY: What?

MULDER: You didn't believe me. I had to earn your trust. Now, there's something I got to know. Are you making any of this up?

(Duane grows quite angry at this.)

DUANE BARRY: You are... calling Duane Barry a liar now?

MULDER: No...

DUANE BARRY: You think I make it all up.

MULDER: No, I don't. I'm sorry.

DUANE BARRY: You're sorry?

(Duane looks about ready to explode.)

MULDER: Duane, will you listen to me for a second?

(Duane grabs his collar.)

DUANE BARRY: You're just like all the others, aren't you?

MULDER: Duane...

DUANE BARRY: You say you believe me...

MULDER: Duane, I do believe you.

DUANE BARRY: ...but you don't!

MULDER: I believe you!

DUANE BARRY: You lie just like everybody else!

MULDER: No! I believe you, Duane!

(Because of the screaming, the line starts to break up. Scully and Kazdin sigh as they pick up only static.)

DUANE BARRY: I trusted you! I trusted you like a fool!

MULDER: Can I say... can I say something? Duane, can I say something? I know you're tired, but there's something you've forgotten to do. When you let the women leave, you left the door unlocked. Go lock the door, Duane. Go lock the door. Go lock the door, Duane. Go lock it. They could get in here. Go lock the door.

(Duane, calmer, continues to breathe heavily but slowly makes his way to the door. A small red beam shines upon his chest. Mulder has a look of remorse on his face as Duane looks down at it, then tenses up. A gunshot is fired, shattering the glass. Duane's world turns black.)

MAN #1: Let's go, let's move!

MAN #2: Okay, come on.

MAN #1: He's down, he's down, he's down!

(People start to shout commands to each other. Duane starts to slowly regain consciousness, his vision blurred as the EMTs raise him into the ambulance. The men on the APB talk to each other as Mulder and Scully watch Duane being loaded up. Mulder regrets his decision deeply.)

SCULLY: You okay, Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah.

SCULLY: Whatever you're feeling... you did the right thing.

(Mulder nods.)

MULDER: It's just that, uh... I believed him.

SCULLY: Sometimes when you want to believe so badly, you end up... looking too hard.

(The ambulance engine starts and slowly pulls off, sirens blaring.)




SCENE 7
JEFFERSON MEMORIAL HOSPITAL; RICHMOND, VA
(Mulder slowly walks down the hallway to Agent Kazdin, who is talking to a police officer. They shake hands.)

LUCY KAZDIN: Agent Mulder, thanks for coming.

(They start down the hallway.)

MULDER: No, I was surprised to get your call.

LUCY KAZDIN: Yeah, well... as it turned out, whatever your impression of the way it was handled, I didn't get to thank you for going out there and putting it on the line.

(Mulder smiles, laughing a little.)

What?

MULDER: I don't know, I guess I thought maybe you called me down here to chew me out.

(She laughs a little.)

How's he doing?

LUCY KAZDIN: Duane? They almost lost him, but he stabilized. They got him listed on critical.

(They come to his door and walk in. Duane is on the hospital bed, hooked up to machines.)

I checked on his records with the bureau. It was exemplary. His accident was something of a mystery. Shot by his own weapon in a drug stakeout, left for dead in the woods. He was never the same. Lost everything... wife, kids, house...

MULDER: The fine thread of sanity.

LUCY KAZDIN: I actually called you down here for another reason, Agent Mulder.

(She paces a little, trying to find away to say what she has to say.)

Uh... in the x-rays, the surgeon found several pieces of metal. In his gums, in his sinus cavity, and one in the abdomen. I had them checked, I felt you'd want to know... and there were tiny drill holes in his left and right rear molars. A dentist who examined them said they could not have been done with any of the current equipment in use... not without chipping or damaging the tooth. Anyway... I thought you ought to know.

(She walks out. Mulder looks down at Duane as the door closes.)




SCENE 8
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is seated across from Scully, who is seated at her desk. She is looking at one of the implants from Duane Barry put in a tiny glass vial.)

SCULLY: This could just be a piece of shrapnel. Duane Barry did a tour of duty in Vietnam.

MULDER: It was right where he said it would be, Scully. Along with the ones in his gums and sinus.

(He points to his gums and sinus as he says them.)

SCULLY: And you think that this was implanted?

MULDER: Well, if it was, that would mean Duane Barry is telling the truth.

SCULLY: Or some version of the truth.

(Mulder rubs his eye for a second. They look at each other.)

Look, I'll, I'll take this down to ballistics. We can have this cleared up in a second.

(He gets up and leaves.)




SCENE 9
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(The ballistics expert looks at the implant under a microscope.)

BALLISTICS EXPERT: Let me just make a slight adjustment.

(He sits down next to Scully as they look at the implant on a computer screen.)

SCULLY: What do you think?

BALLISTICS EXPERT: Could be a shell casing or a small artillery fragment. The edges are dull, but it could have been white-hot when it entered the body.

SCULLY: That would make sense.

(He presses a button and it zooms in on a portion of it. He points out some markings with his pen.)

BALLISTICS EXPERT: But look at this.

SCULLY: What?

BALLISTICS EXPERT: These small markings. See them here?

SCULLY: Mm-hmm. Looks like some kind of a stamp.

BALLISTICS EXPERT: Like it's been tooled or etched. Pretty fine work, too. This square we're looking at is only ten microns across. Strange.

(Scully looks at the computer screen, a little unsure of her ideas.)




SCENE 10
SUPERMARKET
(Scully is on the express check out line. The clerk runs the pickles and ice cream over the bar code scanner and then totals Scully's purchase up.)

CLERK: Eleven fourteen.

(Scully starts to write a check as the clerk bags the groceries. She hands it to the clerk.)

Thank you.

(She takes the drawer to ring out and starts back to the service desk. A woman is standing at the cigarette machine.)

WOMAN: Excuse me, can I get some help here with these?

CLERK: I'll, uh, be right with you. I just have to cash out my drawer.

(Scully makes sure that the clerk is far enough and takes out the implant. She runs it across the bar code scanner and the machine goes haywire, ringing up thousands of digits. It beeps wildly as it shuffles through the numbers. Scully pockets the implant as the clerk walks back over.)

What happened? Did you touch something?

SCULLY: Uh, I don't know what happened.

(Nervously, she takes her groceries and leaves.)




SCENE 11
JEFFERSON MEMORIAL HOSPITAL; RICHMOND, VA
(Duane continues to be comatose. His heart rate and blood pressure are now steadier but far from healthy. A crackling rumbles through the air and his eyes pop open. He gasps and looks to his left, seeing silhouettes of aliens on the other side of the curtain. Light builds from there as well. Duane, gasping, gets up and takes off his various plugs. He looks out his door's window and sees the police officer talking on the phone.)

POLICE OFFICER: All right...

(He hears a noise and turns around to see Duane Barry about to strike him with a fire extinguisher. He falls as Barry runs off, dropping the fire extinguisher.)




SCENE 12
MULDER'S APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Thunder rumbles outside. The phone rings and the machine picks it up.)

MULDER ON MACHINE: Hello, this is Fox Mulder. Leave a message please.

(It beeps. Cut to Scully, who is walking around with the phone to her ear, staring at the implant.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me. I just had something incredibly strange happen. This piece of metal that they took out of Duane Barry, it has some kind of a code on it.

(Cut back to Mulder's apartment, where the machine is recording.)

I ran it through a scanner and some kind of a serial number came up.

(Cut back to Scully's apartment.)

What the hell is this thing, Mulder? It's almost as if... it's almost as if somebody was using it to catalogue him.

(There is a bump outside and some rustling. Lightning shines through the window. She walks over, carrying the phone and raises the blinds. Duane Barry peers through at her. She gasps. Cut to Mulder's apartment, where the machine picks up sounds of Scully screaming and glass breaking.)

DUANE BARRY: Come on, lady...

SCULLY: Mulder!

DUANE BARRY: Come on!

SCULLY: I need your help! Mulder!

(More sounds of glass breaking and shuffling.)

Mulder!

[TO BE CONTINUED ...]

SCENE 1
WASHINGTON, D.C.; 11:23 P.M.
(Mulder walks into his house as rain pours outside. Lightning cracks. He presses a button on the answering machine and the tape rewinds. A beep sounds.)

SCULLY ON MACHINE: Mulder, it's me. I just had something incredibly strange happen. This piece of metal that they took out of Duane Barry, it has some kind of a code on it. I ran it through a scanner and some kind of a serial number came up. What the hell is this thing, Mulder? It's almost as if... it's almost as if somebody was using it to catalogue him.

(Sounds of Scully gasping and glass breaking.)

Mulder! I need your help!

DUANE BARRY ON MACHINE: Shut up!

SCULLY ON MACHINE: Mulder!

(Mulder pulls up to Scully's house and gets out. There are people everywhere, and the house is surrounded with yellow tape. He shows his badge to a policeman, who lets him through. He goes up the front stairs and looks at the broken window. He sees blood on the wall on the inside and his own reflection in the glass. In his mind, he sees Scully pull open the blinds and Duane Barry peering through. She gasps and Barry punches her through the glass. She falls, dropping the phone. He knocks down the blinds and climbs through the window. Mulder snaps out of it and walks inside. People are taking pictures, collecting blood samples and dusting for fingerprints. He
walks over to the glass round table in the middle of the room. He looks down at a portion that is cracked and stained with blood. In his mind again, he sees Scully crawling towards the table.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(Duane Barry grabs her foot.)

DUANE BARRY: Come on, lady...

SCULLY: I need your help!

(She reaches up to the table for her gun, smashing the glass with her wrist. A man takes a picture of the crushed phone on the ground. Mulder sees Scully about a foot away from the phone.)

Mulder!

(Suddenly, Duane Barry's foot crashes down onto the phone, breaking it. Mulder walks out of the room. He accidentally gets some blood on his fingers from the wall.)

POLICEMAN: I'm sorry, ma'am, but you can't disturb a crime scene.

MARGARET SCULLY: But this is my daughter's apartment. Let me go, I have to get through.
I have to get in!

(Mulder walks up to her.)

MULDER: Mrs. Scully?

(He goes to put his hand on her shoulder, but he notices her staring at the blood on it. He looks at the blood on them for the first time.)

She's not in there.

MARGARET SCULLY: Where is she?

(Mulder does not respond.)

Where is she?




SCENE 2
11:46 P.M.
(Outside the house, reporters and cameramen file onto the front lawn as the policemen and various other people shuffle around. One can hear many people talking illegibly. Mulder and Margaret Scully are standing in a doorway.)

MARGARET SCULLY: I knew it would happen this way. I had this dream about Dana being taken away.

(Mulder leads her into the room. Flashbulbs are going off in the back.)

I, uh... I was going to call her but I was afraid I was going to scare her.

(She sits down. Mulder sits down across from her.)

She would have laughed at me anyway. She doesn't believe in that kind of thing, you know.




SCENE 3
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.; 8:03 A.M.
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man sits off to the side, smoking. Skinner slowly walks around a table as he speaks. Sitting at the table are Mulder, Krycek, and numerous other officials.)

SKINNER: According to the reports I reviewed, Agent Scully research states that Duane Barry's propensity for violent, deviant behavior is due to brain damage from a bullet wound in the head. Is this the operational opinion?

(Skinner looks to Mulder for an answer, but none is given.)

KRYCEK: Yes, sir.

SKINNER: Is there another?

KRYCEK: He's convinced he's going to be abducted by aliens. That by taking someone to the abduction site, he won't be abducted himself.

SKINNER: That he's following orders from alien voices in his head.

KRYCEK: Yes.

SKINNER: Well, that's an interesting spin on the Nuremburg defense. Which explanation do you subscribe to, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: There's a question of how he could've gotten to her in the first place.

MAN: And you think these alien voices told her?

MULDER: Agent Scully was carrying a small piece of metal that was removed from Duane Barry's abdomen, an implant he described as a tracking device.

MAN: Agent Scully thought that you had made a major miscalculation in Duane Barry's psychosis. Is that true?

MULDER: Yes, but that still doesn't explain how he could have found her.

(Krycek glances over to the Cigarette-Smoking Man.)

SKINNER: Where would he be taking her?

MULDER: I don't know. He talked about a mountain but he wasn't specific about the location.

SKINNER: Well, however he got to her and whatever his motives, he took Agent Scully's car and weapon. I think we all understand the seriousness of this matter and should proceed ahead quickly with all possible resources. I need you to turn over your files to H.R.T...

MULDER: I'd like to brief them myself...

SKINNER: Go home, Agent Mulder, you've been up all night. Get some sleep.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: Sir, I know Duane Barry. I've been in his head, I know how he thinks...

SKINNER: You're too close to this case. If we can use you, we will.

MULDER: Sir...

SKINNER: That's an order, Agent Mulder.

(He looks at Krycek.)

Make sure he gets home safely.

(Krycek stands up.)

KRYCEK: Come on.

(They walk out.)




SCENE 4
ROUTE 229; RIXEYVILLE, VIRGINIA; 11:23 A.M.
(Duane Barry is driving down the road. The radio is playing "Red Right Hand" by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. Duane Barry makes a very sharp left down a bridge and speeds off. Soon, a police car pulls out of a side road and follows him, sirens blaring. The cop flashes his lights. Duane pulls over and rolls down his window. The patrolman adjusts a camera. He walks over to the car and, holding onto his gun in it's holster, looks over at Barry. Inside the trunk, Scully is bound and gagged.)

PATROLMAN: Sir? Can you turn off your radio?

DUANE BARRY: I would, officer, but I got to keep going.

APB WIRE CONDUCTOR: An F.B.I. APB has been issued for a suspect in the abduction of an F.B.I. agent...

PATROLMAN: Sir, I asked if you mind turning that off.

(Barry turns it off.)

DUANE BARRY: Okay. But could you just give me the ticket now so I can go? I got to be someplace.

PATROLMAN: Where?

DUANE BARRY: I'm not sure but... they'll tell me when I get there.

(The patrolman looks at Barry's hands and sees that there his knuckles are bloody and his hospital ID band has blood on it too. He takes out his gun and points it at Duane.)

PATROLMAN: Sir... put your hands on the steering wheel where I can see them.

DUANE BARRY: You don't understand. They're waiting for me, I, I can't be late.

PATROLMAN: Put your hands up and exit the vehicle.

DUANE BARRY: No, I got to keep moving. Please? For your own sake? Don't stop Duane Barry.

PATROLMAN: Sir, put your hands up.

(Scully starts moaning, hearing the cop, and bangs on the trunk hood. The patrolman turns around and looks at it. Duane pulls out his gun and shoots the cop. He screams and falls, startling Scully. Duane opens up the hood and looks at her.)




SCENE 5
FBI HEADQUARTERS; VIDEO PRODUCTION UNIT; 3:11 P.M.
(Mulder points to a monitor which has a surveillance shot on it of Barry looking into the trunk with the officer down to the side.)

MULDER: Right there.

VIDEO TECHNICIAN: Okay.

(Mulder walks over to the technician at the computer.)

MULDER: Back it up a few frames.

(He does so.)

Can you magnify this area?

(He points into the trunk. The technician magnifies it many times until there is a clear head shot of Scully with the gag in her mouth.)

VIDEO TECHNICIAN: My God...

MULDER: She's still alive. Print this up.

(The printer feeds out the picture of Scully.)




SCENE 6
FBI HEADQUARTERS; 4:08 P.M.
(Mulder sits at his desk, listening to a tape recording of the hostage situation. He's looking at the picture.)

DUANE BARRY ON RECORDING: I just want to go back to the place.

MULDER ON RECORDING: What place?

DUANE BARRY ON RECORDING: Where it first started. Where they first came and got me.

MULDER ON RECORDING: Where is that?

DUANE BARRY ON RECORDING: A mountain. We went, uh, up... and up.
Ascending... ascending to the stars.

(He rewinds it.)

Ascending... ascending to the stars.

(Krycek walks over carrying two coffees.)

KRYCEK: Coffee?

(Mulder takes out his earphones.)

MULDER: Yeah.

(Krycek puts the coffee down on the table.)

Thanks.

KRYCEK: Yeah. How'd you sleep?

MULDER: I didn't.

(He rewinds the tape again.)

DUANE BARRY ON RECORDING: You're not taking Duane Barry again.

(He rewinds the tape more.)

A mountain. We went, uh, up... and up. Ascending... ascending to the stars.

(He rewinds.)

Ascending to the stars.

KRYCEK: What is it?

(Mulder stops the tape.)

MULDER: Where was that patrolman killed again?

KRYCEK: Rixeyville, Virginia. Route 229.

MULDER: Doesn't Route 229 lead to the Blue Ridge Parkway?

KRYCEK: I don't know.

(Mulder gets up and walks over to one of many shelves full of telephone books.)

What?

(Mulder pulls one out and flips through it. He finally lands on the page he wants that has an ad that reads:

"Ascend to the Stars
SKYLAND MOUNTAIN
555-7684 Spectacular views and a full service grill")

MULDER: Ascend to the stars. Skyland Mountain.

(He rips the page out.)

KRYCEK: You know where he's going?

MULDER: Get your car and meet me downstairs.

KRYCEK: Where are we going?

MULDER: Just get your car.

KRYCEK: What about Skinner?

MULDER: I'll deal with Skinner.

(He takes his overcoat and walks off. In the parking lot, Krycek's talking on the phone, standing next to his car.)

KRYCEK: He thinks Scully's been taken up to Skyland Mountain. I'll hold him off until they locate her.

(He looks behind his shoulder and sees Mulder approaching.)

Wait, here he comes. I'll be in touch.

(He hangs up and pushes the antenna down.)

MULDER: Come on, let's go.

(Krycek gets in the driver's side and slams the door. Mulder runs to the other side, gets in and they speed off. As they turn out of the parking lot, they pass a parked car whose driver is the Cigarette-Smoking Man. He lowers the cellular phone from his ear, flips it closed and pushes down the antenna. He takes on more puff of his cigarette before throwing it out.)




SCENE 7
ROUTE 211; WARRENTON, VIRGINIA; 5:43 P.M.
(Krycek and Mulder speed down the road. Mulder's eyes close. He struggles to keep them open, but he falls asleep. Krycek looks at him, then hears a honking. A mack truck is speeding towards them.)

KRYCEK: Hey!

(He pushes Mulder, who wakes up. Mulder looks at the truck and swerves out of the way. Krycek sighs in relief.)

You're dozing off. Maybe I should drive.

MULDER: I'm fine.

KRYCEK: Well, you haven't slept yet. I have.

MULDER: No, I said I'm fine.

(Krycek stares at him for a few seconds then sighs.)

KRYCEK: You know, Chernobyl, Exxon Valdez, Three Mile Island... they were all linked to sleep deprivation.

(Mulder looks at him for a second, then turns his attention back to the road.)

The U.S. Department of Transportation estimates that over 190,000 fatal car crashes every year are linked to sleepiness.

MULDER: Did they estimate how many people are put to sleep listening to their statistics?

KRYCEK: I'm just trying to keep you awake.

(They pass a gas station.)

MULDER: Look, I know you think we should have told Skinner but if he sends in the whole cavalry, Duane Barry might go over the edge.

KRYCEK: You're right.

MULDER: If we find him first, we'll notify the Bureau. All right?

KRYCEK: Yeah. You really think he tracked her down with that implant?

MULDER: Well, that's the easiest explanation. It's also the most implausible.

KRYCEK: Is there another possibility?

MULDER: Somebody could have given him her address. I don't know who.

(Krycek looks ahead at the road and points to a sign that reads "Ascend to the Stars, Skyland Mountain.")




SCENE 8
SKYLAND MOUNTAIN; SKYLAND, VIRGINIA
(Krycek and Mulder are walking with the tram operator. The operator is looking at a mug shot of Barry.)

KRYCEK: You seen this guy?

TRAM OPERATOR: Yeah, he was here.

KRYCEK: He's wanted for kidnapping a federal agent. Did you let him go up in the tram?

(He takes the picture and puts it in his coat pocket.)

TRAM OPERATOR: No way, it's shut down for the summer. I told him to take the back road up.

KRYCEK: How long ago?

TRAM OPERATOR: About forty-five minutes.

MULDER: Did he have a woman with him?

TRAM OPERATOR: No.

KRYCEK: How long does it take to drive to the top?

TRAM OPERATOR: Little over an hour.

(They stop at a sign for the tram.)

MULDER: You gotta get me up there.

TRAM OPERATOR: No, no way. We just got done refitting the cable. It hasn't been tested with passengers yet. You'll have to drive.

MULDER: I don't have the time.

TRAM OPERATOR: You don't have a choice.

MULDER: No, you don't have a choice.

(He pulls back his overcoat to reveal his gun. He unhooks the holster. The tram operator looks at him warily. Inside the control booth, the operator turns a key and the machinery starts. He then flips a switch.)

TRAM OPERATOR: Okay, I can't stop you from going up there but if there's a problem with the cable, I'm shutting this down. I'm not going to be responsible for your death.

(They all walk to the tram. Mulder gets in and bolts the door. Krycek leans up against it.)

KRYCEK: What are you doing?

MULDER: Stay here and whatever happens, don't let him stop the tram.

(He walks over to the panel.)

TRAM OPERATOR: Okay, you hit your "run" and "up" button on the panel. Speed indicator controls your ascent. Now when you want to slow down...

(Mulder starts the tram up its path.)

Don't crank it faster than fifteen!

(The operator goes back to the booth as Krycek watches the tram go up. In the tram, Mulder moves the speed indicator from "slow speed" to "fast speed." The speedometer shoots up from fifteen to twenty. The tram operator, standing by the machinery, hears the cables grinding. Meanwhile, Duane Barry races up the roads. Mulder cranks it even more, and the machine shoots up to 25.7, then to 26.)

What the hell's he doing? I told him not to go that fast.

(He picks up the intercom transmitter.)

Base to car one, pick up.

(The noises from the machinery grow louder.)

Do you hear that sound? At this speed, the cable can't hold.

(The tram shoots up the cable. Inside Barry's trunk, Scully moans through her gag as Barry turns the corners. The tram is now at thirty. The tram operator cannot be heard over the machinery.)

...a sec. Do you hear me? Slow...

(Mulder's tram races past another one going the opposite way.

Base to car one, pick up.

(Mulder picks up the transmitter and adjusts the frequency.)

MULDER: Go ahead.

TRAM OPERATOR: Slow it down.

MULDER: You're breaking up.

TRAM OPERATOR: Slow down or the cables'll jump when you hit that tower!

(Mulder looks and sees a tower approaching. He slows it down to twenty-five and the car shakily passes the tower. Barry passes a sign that says "Ascend to the Stars, Skyland Summit." Mulder speeds it back up to thirty.)

Slow it down for the next tower.

(Mulder turns the speed down to fifteen as he passes the next tower.)

KRYCEK: How close is he?

TRAM OPERATOR: Should be up top in a minute.

(Krycek pulls back his coat and unhooks his holster. On the monitor, we can see the tram approaching.)

There he is.

(Krycek grimaces and pistol-whips the operator across the face, knocking him out. He sighs and fixes his hair. He flicks the switch and turns the key back. The tram rocks back and forth, having stopped. Mulder picks up the transmitter.)

MULDER: What are you doing? Turn it back on. Krycek, what's happening down there?

(Krycek takes out his cell phone, raises the antenna and starts dialing.)

Krycek, do you read me? Tell the operator to restart the tram. Hello?

(The phone rings. We can still hear Mulder intelligibly.)

KRYCEK: I've got him stalled up there. I'll hold until you advise.

(Barry drives past cabins, Scully breathing heavily in the trunk.)

MULDER: Is there an emergency system on-board? Can you read me down there?
Can anyone read me?

(He puts down the transmitter and goes to a small compartment. He takes off the lid and throws away a tag that says "Screamer Suit." He pulls out a harness, and throws it down. He pulls down a ladder and climbs on top of the tram. Krycek looks at the monitor in awe as the sky grows dark. Mulder starts to climb up. Krycek turns the key then flips the switch. The tram restarts, throwing Mulder nearly off the tram. He grabs on to the side of the roof and pulls himself up, narrowly avoiding the next tower. The tram reaches the end and comes to a halt. Krycek sighs. Mulder runs over up the hill and comes to Barry's car. The driver's side door is open. He looks in with the flashlight and sees the car is empty. The radio is playing and a woman is talking intelligibly. He notices blood on the steering wheel. He pops the trunk and opens it up. It is empty, except for a bloody rope and a necklace with a cross on it. He takes the cross and hears a noise. He looks up and sees a giant light beaming down from something. The object then speeds off. Duane's laughing can be heard. Mulder races over to him and points his gun.)

MULDER: Federal agent!

(Duane stands and holds his hands up in the air in triumph. Mulder runs towards him, keeping his gun on him.)

DUANE BARRY: Yes!

MULDER: Freeze!

DUANE BARRY: Yes, yes, yes!

MULDER: I said freeze! Where is she?

DUANE BARRY: I'm free, you son of a bitches! You can't touch Duane Barry anymore!

MULDER: Don't move.

(Duane laughs insanely as Mulder grabs his wrists and pulls them behind his back.)

Don't move!

DUANE BARRY: I'm not going anywhere!

MULDER: Where is she? Where'd you leave her?

DUANE BARRY: They took her.

MULDER: Who?

DUANE BARRY: Them! I told you they would take somebody else. They did!

(Mulder starts to lead him back towards the car when a helicopter shoots up from behind the hill, shining a bright spotlight on them. Duane thinks that the aliens have returned.)

No, no! No! No, no, no!

(Mulder struggles to hold him back.)

No! No! No! No! Nooo! Noooo!




SCENE 9
SKYLAND MOUNTAIN SUMMIT; 8:46 P.M.
(Firemen run by outside of the house.)

APB WIRE CONTROLLER: Choppers found them on the mountain. Send out five teams to search for that federal agent.

(Inside, a medic tapes up the bullet wound in Duane's chest. Barry is sitting in a chair, his hands bound behind him. Another man holds a paper cup to his lips.)

MEDIC #2: Water.

(Barry drinks it. The two medics plus the guard start to the door.)

MEDIC #1: We'll wait outside.

(They leave. Mulder is sitting in a chair as well, looking ragged. They sit in silence for a few seconds, Mulder staring at Barry. Mulder gets up and puts his hands on his hips.)

MULDER: Now what happened after you took her out of the trunk?

DUANE BARRY: We walked a-little ways up to the top of the mountain. Right where you found me.

MULDER: Then where'd you take her?

DUANE BARRY: I didn't. They did. That was the deal. Her instead of me.

(Mulder closes his eyes for a second, then walks directly in front of Barry.)

MULDER: (quietly) Did you kill her?

DUANE BARRY: No.

(Mulder stares at him.)

I swear.

(Mulder points to the burn marks on Barry's face.)

MULDER: How'd you get this?

DUANE BARRY: From the ship.

MULDER: What ship?

DUANE BARRY: You saw it.

MULDER: I saw a helicopter.

DUANE BARRY: They were here. I'm not lying to you!

(He looks through the window into the other adjoining room and sees various men in suits watching. They start to file out.)

There they are. Ask them. They know what happened!

(He gets up but Mulder pushes him back into the chair.)

MULDER: Sit down, Duane.

DUANE BARRY: No! You've got to stop them! Hurry, hurry!

(Mulder looks back into the adjoining room and sees no one.)

They were just out there! They were right outside!

(He gets up and starts to the window. Mulder grabs him by his wrists and spins him around, slamming his face down into the desk.)

MULDER: Duane, settle down!

DUANE BARRY: They'll tell you where she is!

(Mulder looks at his hospital ID band and sees Scully's blood and a few of her hairs on it.)

The military's in on it, just ask them!

(He rips off the band and looks at it, then spins Barry around and gets right into his face, holding the band up.)

MULDER: Did you hurt her?

DUANE BARRY: No.

MULDER: Did you hurt her!?

DUANE BARRY: No!

MULDER: What is this?

(Duane shakes his head "no." Mulder grabs him by the throat and starts choking him. Barry gags as Mulder squeezes the life out of him. After a few seconds, Mulder lets go and slams Barry, coughing and gagging, down into the chair. Mulder paces, holding his face in his hands. He then looks at Duane, takes his coat, and starts out.)

DUANE BARRY: I'm sorry.

(Mulder looks back.)

They had to take her. I hope they're not hurting her... too much with the tests. I'm sorry.

(Mulder walks out. He starts down the hallway, passing Krycek.)

KRYCEK: Hey?

MULDER: Yeah.

KRYCEK: What, what's the matter, what, what'd he say to you?

MULDER: No, he's giving me nothing. Were you out here alone?

KRYCEK: Yeah, why?

MULDER: Nobody goes in or out of that room.

(He starts walking.)

MAN: Hey, Mulder?

(Mulder waves the man off. He walks to the window and looks through it. In one of the lights, he sees Scully on an operating table, crosses of light shining over her arms. A drill starts spinning down from the ceiling towards her. Scully's eyes open suddenly. Another instrument comes down from the ceiling. Then, he sees some kind of tube attached to Scully's belly button. Her stomach starts inflating, being filled with air. It grows very large as two figures, presumably aliens, watch in the background. Mulder hears a click and turns around, startled. He sees the door ajar. He walks through.)

APB WIRE CONTROLLER: Rescue two, we're on the Warsaw building, southwest.

(He walks over and looks through the window to Duane's room. He sees Barry talking to Krycek. Mulder taps on the window and Krycek looks back at him. Mulder waves him out. Krycek says a few more things to Barry and leaves the room, walking over to Mulder.)

MULDER: What are you doing in there?

KRYCEK: I heard him...

MULDER: Come here.

(They walk away from the window.)

KRYCEK: I heard him gagging in there, he couldn't breathe.

MULDER: No one...

KRYCEK: I...

MULDER: No one!

KRYCEK: He said you choked him!

MULDER: No one is to interrogate the suspect.

KRYCEK: Except you.

MULDER: Except me. Did you ask him about Scully?

KRYCEK: Yeah.

MULDER: What'd he say?

KRYCEK: He started whistling "Stairway to Heaven."

(They hear a car pull up. Mulder looks back at the room, then they walk down the hallway, passing a security guard.)

Keep an eye on him.

GUARD: Okay.

(The guard walks back to the room as Mulder and Krycek continue to the door. Skinner and three men are standing there.)

SKINNER: You got Duane Barry?

MULDER: Yes, sir.

SKINNER: Agent Mulder, you disobeyed my direct order.

GUARD: Call the paramedics!

(Mulder, Krycek, Skinner and the others run in to see two guards kneeling over Barry, who is on the ground choking. Mulder kneels down next to them.)

MULDER: What happened?

GUARD: He was gagging...

MULDER: Duane? Duane?

(Duane gags and wheezes.)

Duane!

(Duane looks at him slightly, his body tensed. Suddenly, he wheezes a final breath as his body untenses. His eyes close shut. Two paramedics run in, one carrying a kit.)

PARAMEDIC #1: Coming through!

(They kneel down. The first one listens for breathing as the second one unpacks his kit. Mulder stands up and backs away next to Krycek.)

PARAMEDIC #2: Respiration?

PARAMEDIC #1: Hmm, nothing. CPR...

(The first paramedic takes a plastic piece and fits it into Barry's mouth, then puts a pump respirator over that.)

PARAMEDIC #2: Ready?

(The respirator wheezes as the three agents watch on.)

One, two, three, four, five...

(The respirator wheezes again four times. Skinner stares at Mulder.)

One, two, three...




SCENE 10
FBI ACADEMY MORGUE; QUANTICO, VIRGINIA; 6:07 AM
(Barry's body is under a sheet on the table. His toe-tag reads:

"Medical Examiner
Name: Barry, Duane
Case No. 197735 Date: 6/17/94
Where taken from: Skyland, VA."

Mulder is standing over it. A female doctor walks in.)

PATHOLOGIST: Excuse me.

MULDER: I'm Agent Mulder. I'd like a copy of this man's autopsy report.

PATHOLOGIST: I'm sorry, it's still incomplete.

MULDER: Are you the pathologist?

PATHOLOGIST: Yes.

MULDER: Can I ask what your preliminary findings are?

(She sighs and looks at the clipboard she's carrying.)

PATHOLOGIST: Umm... "Second-degree burns to the face, contusions about the neck, bruised larynx..." If I had to list cause of death at this point, I'd have to say asphyxiation. Were you expecting something else?

(She walks around the body. Mulder coughs.)

MULDER: You haven't run a toxicological yet?

PATHOLOGIST: They should be finished shortly.

MULDER: I'd be interested to see what you find. When will they be on file?

PATHOLOGIST: Later this morning.

MULDER: I'd like a copy as soon as possible, please.

PATHOLOGIST: Oh, I'm sorry, you'll have to go through regular military channels.

MULDER: What do you mean, "military?" You're not F.B.I.?

PATHOLOGIST: Quantico's under military jurisdiction. There wasn't an F.B.I. pathologist available this morning.

(She wheels the body out as somebody holds the door for her.)




SCENE 11
DOWNTOWN WASHINGTON, D.C.; 6:16 AM
(Krycek walks through an underground parking lot warily, looking around as he walks. He opens the driver's side door of his car and gets in. He looks to his right and sees the Cigarette-Smoking Man. He clears his throat.)

KRYCEK: Skinner's expecting my report on the Duane Barry incident. What do I tell him?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: The truth.

(He stubs out his cigarette.)

KRYCEK: What do you mean?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Confirm Mulder's version of events. You've earned his trust, the object now is to preserve it.

KRYCEK: For how much longer?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Until your assignment is complete.

KRYCEK: If Mulder is such a threat, why not eliminate him?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: That's not policy.

KRYCEK: It's not? After what you had me do?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Kill Mulder and you risk turning one man's religion into a crusade.

KRYCEK: What about Scully?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: We've taken care of that.

KRYCEK: How?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: We tell you only what you need to know.

KRYCEK: I think I have a right to know.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: You have no rights, only orders to be carried out. If you have a problem with that, we'll make other arrangements.

(He gets out of the car, leaving Krycek alone.)




SCENE 12
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.; 10:36 A.M.
(Skinner is looking at a picture of Duane Barry.)

SKINNER: Victim appears to have expired from prolonged hypoxemia, secondary to asphyxiation.

(He passes it around the table to a man.)

Several possible etiologies and most likely strangulation due to the presence of contusions and a bruised larynx. Do you want to speak to this, Agent Mulder?

(The man passes it to a woman, who puts it down in front of Mulder.)

MULDER: I didn't kill him, if that's what you're suggesting.

SKINNER: But you attacked him?

MULDER: I was interrogating him about Agent Scully. He wasn't cooperating so I pushed him.

MAN: And you lost control.

MULDER: Momentarily. But then I left the room. He was very much alive, I spoke to him. Agent Krycek spoke to him.

(We now see the Cigarette-Smoking Man watching on.)

SKINNER: Agent Krycek says he entered the room because the suspect was gagging.

MULDER: Is Agent Krycek asserting that I killed him too?

SKINNER: No. He corroborates your story. But the fact is, we've got a dead suspect, Agent Mulder and no other plausible cause of death. O.P.C. wants the both of you to take a lie detector test. You're to report there immediately.

(Mulder stands.)

MULDER: There is another plausible cause of death.

SKINNER: Which is?

MULDER: Poisoning by injection or ingestion.

(The other people at the table look back at Skinner, who flips through his file.)

SKINNER: Poisoning?

MULDER: You won't find that on the navy pathologist's report.

SKINNER: What are you saying, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: That the autopsy is incomplete. That the military covered up the toxicological findings.

SKINNER: And why would they do that?

MULDER: Because they know where Scully is.

MAN: Why are you so paranoid, Mulder?

MULDER: Oh, I don't know. Maybe it's because I find it hard to trust anybody.

(He walks out. Skinner looks at the Cigarette-Smoking Man, who takes a drag. Outside, Mulder walks up to Krycek, who is walking down the hall reading a file, and puts his hand on his shoulder.)

MULDER: Alex? Alex, can I borrow your car keys?

KRYCEK: Why, where are you going?

MULDER: There's someone I've got to see.

KRYCEK: Yeah, but we're scheduled at O.P.C...

MULDER: I know, just give me the car keys please.

(Krycek sighs, reaches into his pocket, and hands Mulder the keys.)

Thanks.

(He turns and walks away. Krycek watches him go, a dour expression on his face.)




SCENE 13
OFFICE OF SENATOR RICHARD MATHESON; 11:45 A.M.
(Outside the building, people hustle and cars fly by. Inside, Mulder walks up some stairs and starts towards his office, but X appears at the top of the next flight of stairs.)

X: You've wasted a trip, Mister Mulder. There's nothing the Senator can do for you now.

MULDER: What?

(Mulder walks up the stairs to him.)

X: Not without committing political suicide.

MULDER: Why? Do they have something on him?

X: They have something on everyone, Mister Mulder. The question is when they'll use it.

MULDER: I need his help.

X: No one can help you now. Your channels of appeal and recourse are closed.

MULDER: Your predecessor could have helped me.

(They stare at each other. Mulder looks away for a second, then walks around him, shaking his head.)

Oh... you know, don't you? You know what's happened to her.

(X turns to face him as Mulder walks.)

X: This reaches beyond any of us, Mister Mulder. Even my predecessor.

MULDER: I want an answer!

X: Why kill Duane Barry if there was nothing to hide?

MULDER: You mean the government?

X: There are no answers for you, Mister Mulder. They only have one policy...

(He steps into the light, and we can see his face clearly for the first time.)

Deny everything.

(X walks past him and up the stairs. Mulder thinks for a second, then walks back down the stairs and out. Passing businessmen, he goes to the car and gets in. He thinks for a second, then opens up the ashtray. He sees the cigarette butts. He picks up one and looks at it. He puts it back and slams the drawer shut.)




SCENE 14
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.; 8:11 A.M.
(Skinner sits at his desk, looking at Mulder's report. Mulder stands, waiting, a thick stubble on his face.)

SKINNER: This is a serious allegation, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: So long as it's true.

SKINNER: "Agent Krycek was hired or suborned by an outside agency to impede a federal investigation and may be responsible for the death of a suspect in a capitol murder case."?

MULDER: It goes on.

(He sits.)

SKINNER: "And the possible murder of the tram operator at Skyland Mountain." There's a lot of blood on this document, Agent Mulder. Are you standing behind this, going on the record?

MULDER: Yes, sir.

SKINNER: Then you damn well better have the facts to back it up.

(Mulder nods. Skinner presses a button his intercom, which beeps.)

I need to see Agent Krycek immediately.

(He stands and goes to the window.)

I can't protect you, Agent Mulder. Past a point, this will become a larger bureau matter.

(He turns around and looks at him.)

All right, what do you got?

(Mulder pulls a small bag containing the cigarette butt he found out of his pocket. He tosses it next to an ashtray full of them.)

MULDER: I found this in Agent Krycek's car. He doesn't smoke. Agent Krycek was the last person with Duane Barry before he died. He was also the last person to see the tram operator before he disappeared. When I got to the top of Skyline Mountain, I saw an unmarked helicopter working the area. I believe that Agent Krycek gave away the whereabouts of Duane Barry and Agent Scully to whoever he's working with.

SKINNER: And who is that?

MULDER: I don't know, the military? Some covert organization within the government? Whoever it is that man who smokes those cigarettes works for.

SKINNER: Why?

MULDER: Because Agent Scully got too close to whatever it is they're trying to deny. Because she had hard and damning evidence, that metallic implant in her possession. Or because her termination would prevent further involvement with me and my work.

SKINNER: Do you think Agent Scully's dead?

MULDER: I don't know. How far do you think they'd go?

(Skinner looks away.)

What do you know about Agent Krycek?

SKINNER: I didn't give him the assignment, I only...

(The phone rings. Skinner looks at it and picks it up. He listens for a second or two.)

Yes. Thank you.

(He hangs up.)

Agent Krycek didn't show up for work this morning. His home number has been disconnected.

(He sits down.)

MULDER: That's it? He's gone, he just disappears into the woodwork?

SKINNER: So it would appear.

(Mulder stands and marches towards the door angrily before turning back.)

MULDER: Who are these people who can just murder with impunity and we can't do anything about it?

SKINNER: Let it go, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: Like hell.

SKINNER: There's nothing you can do.

MULDER: What can you do about it?

SKINNER: There's only one thing I can do, Agent Mulder. As of right now, I'm reopening the X-Files.

(He stands.)

That's what they fear the most.

(Agent Mulder walks out. Later, he sits down on a park bench. Margaret Scully walks up to him.)

MARGARET SCULLY: Agent Mulder?

(Mulder stands.)

Thank you for calling me.

MULDER: I'm sorry I don't have better news.

MARGARET SCULLY: Do you know something? Is Dana okay?

MULDER: We don't know anything more about her.

MARGARET SCULLY: I know you're doing all you can.

(Mulder motions for her to sit. She does so, and Mulder sits down next to her.)

I had that dream again last night. About Dana being taken away? I can't tell you how it scares me.

MULDER: It's probably scarier when you stop having the dream. Don't you think?

(They look at each other. She looks about to cry. They both look down at the floor in silence for a few seconds. Mulder is about to say something, but stops himself. He pulls Dana's cross necklace out of his pocket.)

I found this.

(He puts it in her hand.)

It's something I... I never considered about her. If she was... if she was such a skeptic, why did she wear that?

MARGARET SCULLY: I gave it to her on her fifteenth birthday.

(Mulder nods. She places the cross back in his hand.)

MULDER: Don't you want to keep it?

(She closes his hand.)

MARGARET SCULLY: When you find her, you give it to her.

(He nods slightly.)




SCENE 15
SKYLAND MOUNTAIN, VIRGINIA
(Mulder walks alone up to the top of the hill. He looks out at the trees, then up at the stars. He stares at them, looking crestfallen.)

[TO BE CONTINUED ...]

SCENE 1
HOLLYWOOD HILLS
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
12:41 AM
(Night. Exterior of nice house in Southern California. Helicopter view of forest fires in the distance. An older man, GARRETT LORE, stands drinking a glass of red wine. He spills a drop on his white shirt.)

LORE: Damn. (enters the house) Theres ash in the wine from the fires in Malibu Canyon. You can almost see from here.

(Naked WOMAN stands silhouetted in the darkened doorway. She strikes a match and lights a candle, then blows out the match.)

LORE: (feeling guilty) I want you to know I  I dont do this. I mean, Im not one of those guys that sends his family on vacation just so he can  but when I met you at the corporate party, I 

WOMAN: Shh. (finger on his lips) Itll be worth it. Ill do things with you no ones ever done.

(She turns on the hot tub.)

(Later, the two of them are passionately kissing in the tub. A man stands hidden behind them with a syringe.)

LORE: (as she bites too hard and breaks the skin) Ouch!

(The woman lifts her blood covered mouth from the mans neck. The man attacks LORE. Another man comes out of the shadows and also attacks. LORE cries out. The glass of wine is knocked over and shatters.)




SCENE 2
X-FILES OFFICE
(X-Files office. MULDER enters, carrying a folder, and begins pulling dusty plastic off the desk and cabinets. He changes the Playboy-like calendar from May to November. He opens a file cabinet. He opens the folder and removes a new X-File marked "Dana Scully 7 3317." He puts the file in the cabinet then reaches in folder and removes SCULLYs glasses and badge. He takes the gold cross necklace from inside the badge, puts the badge and glasses in a baggie and puts it beside the file and closes the drawer. He fingers the cross gently. Phone rings. Mulder turns, eager.)




SCENE 3
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
(Shot of plane dropping red powder fire retardant over Southern California. Exterior of LOREs house in California. Crime Scene. DETECTIVE NETTLES is in charge.)

DETECTIVE MUNSON: Lets start in the bedroom and work our way downstairs.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Dont let the media in on the writings in blood on the wall.

DETECTIVE MUNSON: Okay.

(MULDER arrives alone and ducks under the tape.)

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Excuse me, sir? If I can ask your indulgence? This is a restricted crime scene.

MULDER: (showing badge) Agent Mulder. Im with the Bureau.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Nobody called the Bureau.

MULDER: They should have.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Look, LAPDs seen, I dont know, what? Maybe a couple of weird crime scenes down the years. I think we can handle things.

MULDER: (walking toward house) Theres no time for agency rivalries. I dont care about credit for the arrest or what goes on whose record. In the past year these killers have murdered six people in two states. They only kill at night. By the end of the week, two more people will be dead and they will be gone.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Just how do you know all this?

MULDER: Theres a file on the previous murders. Ive studied it. Ive studied them. Ive been waiting three months for them to reappear.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: And just how can you be sure that these are the same killers?

MULDER: The wire reported a body was found drained of blood, bite marks on the exterior jugular and median cubital veins. Every mirror in the house was smashed.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Yeah, well, its what the wire didnt report that distinguishes this scene.

MULDER: Theres writings on the wall written in the victims blood.

(They look at bloody words written on the wall.)

MULDER: "He who eats of my flesh and drinks of my blood shall have eternal life and I will raise him up on the last day." They have the same feeble grasp of the Bible as all those big-haired preachers do. The victim  was he a father?

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Yeah. Three boys. The familys been notified.

MULDER: In Memphis, they murdered James Ellis, 58, father of Ellis and Sons Clothiers. The second victim was a Korean woman -- Linda Sun. The third victim was a Jesuit Theologian. Excuse me. (MULDER has taken off his jacket and put on latex gloves and is kneeling down beside the overflow trap of the hot tub) In Portland, three months ago the first victim was a priest. The second victim was the only son of a family of six children. The last victim was the owner of a new age book shop --- The Holy Spirit. (feels around in trap) I believe thats how they perceive themselves, as a kind of Unholy Trinity. (pulls a used needle out of the trap) They use these to extract blood and store it for a quick fix later. Their need is insatiable, but murdering for blood risks exposure and capture. If my profile of the previous cases holds true, theyve been living in the city and working near blood products for the past month.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: (impressed) Look, Agent Mulder, look Im really sorry I was such a hard ass back there. In this town, its really tough to trust anyone. Truth is, Id be happy to have you work on our investigation. (begins to introduce another detective) Now this is Detective Gwen ----

MULDER: Im working alone. (turns and begins walking away)

DETECTIVE NETTLES: (surprised) An FBI Agent without a partner? Look, Mulder, our departments under a crisis alert right now because of the fires in the canyon. The fact is, I dont think I can free up any resources for you.

MULDER: I only need one thing.




SCENE 4
(Police office. MULDER is crossing off numbers of blood banks in the phone book as he calls them.)

VOICE: (on phone) Hollywood Blood Bank.

MULDER: (on phone) Yeah, hi. This is Marty Mulder from your payroll service. I have a question regarding the W -4 form of a recent employee.

VOICE: (on phone) You mean Frank?

MULDER: (on phone) When was he hired?

VOICE: (on phone) Couple of weeks ago. He's the night watchman.




SCENE 5
(Blood bank. Night. MULDER quietly searches the building. Pulls his gun and surprises MAXWELL, an employee, making him drop the vials of blood he is carrying.)

MULDER: Federal Agent!

MAXWELL: Easy, man, easy! Sorry, man. I didnt know you were there. Damn freak night watchman always breaking the light bulbs.

(MAXWELL opens door for MULDER.)

MAXWELL: Ill wait upstairs.

(MULDER goes downstairs. Hears heavy breathing and suckling sounds. He uses a metal spoon to check reflection around the corner. Sees nothing. MULDER turns the corner and confronts JOHN, THE SON whose mouth is covered with the blood he has been drinking.)

MULDER: Federal Agent! Freeze!

(JOHN, THE SON throw the jar of blood at MULDER. MULDER ducks then tackles and handcuffs JOHN, THE SON.)




SCENE 6
(Police interrogation room. JOHN, THE SON, is screaming and writhing on the floor as DETECTIVE NETTLES and DETECTIVE MUNSON watch impassively.)

JOHN, THE SON: Turn off the lights! Turn them off! Youre killing me! Turn them off! Turn them off! Please!

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Tell us your real name.

JOHN, THE SON: I cant take it! Turn off the lights!

(MULDER enters with a lamp with a red gel over it.)

JOHN, THE SON: Youre killing me! Turn them off! Please! Turn off the lights! Please! Turn them off! Turn them off!

(MULDER flicks off the overhead light. JOHN, THE SON stops screaming and looks at MULDER.)

MULDER: That better?

JOHN, THE SON: (sucks blood from his own hand for a moment in the red light) Ill only talk to him.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: (as they exit) Lucky you.

JOHN, THE SON: You know what we are.

MULDER: What are you?

JOHN, THE SON: (as if reciting scripture) He is the Father, I am the Son, and she is the Unholy Spirit.

MULDER: And the three of you killed Garret Lore.

JOHN, THE SON: No.

MULDER: Your fingerprints were found at the crime scene.

JOHN, THE SON: No. When a snake eats a fly, its not murder. It just is.

MULDER: Frogs eat flies. Are you dead?

JOHN, THE SON: I never will be.

MULDER: Do you believe that?

JOHN, THE SON: Dont you want to live forever?

MULDER: (considers) Well, not if drawstring pants come back into style.

JOHN, THE SON: Look, what nobody realizes is that there is no afterlife. I know this. Listen, listen, I know this because when we prolong our lives by taking theirs all I see is such  horror in their eyes and thats because at that moment theyre face-to-face with death and then suddenly they realize theres nothing else. Theres no heaven. Theres no soul. Theres just rot and theres just decay. And I will never, ever, ever, ever have to face that.

MULDER: Its a stiff price, though. Look at yourself  drinking blood, living in darkness, unable to see your reflection in a mirror. Or is that just a myth?

(MULDER palms a mirror and sees JOHN, THE SONs reflection in it.)

JOHN, THE SON: (positive) I cant be seen in a mirror. Look anything worth anything has a price and when Im standing next to your deathbed looking as young as I look right now and I see that fear in your eyes at the moment of death  then, then tell me the price is too stiff.

MULDER: Its more likely Ill be looking in your eyes at the moment before they lead you into the gas chamber. Thats a moment you wont have to face if you tell me where the others are.

JOHN, THE SON: Why would I? Theyre the only ones that can kill me.

MULDER: Well, if you are what you say you are, I know what can kill you.




SCENE 7
(Later, dawn, MULDER, holding a roll of aluminum foil, and JOHN, THE SON are in a jail cell with a long window. The sunlight almost fills the room. JOHN, THE SON is cringed against the last remaining dark wall.)

MULDER: Itd be easy to cover those windows. Just tell me where the other two are. In another couple of hours, therell be no escaping the sun. Son.

(JOHN, THE SON spits at MULDER. MULDER knocks on the door and a guard lets him out.)

MULDER: If he wants to talk, cover the windows and call me. (hands him the foil)

DETECTIVE MUNSON: What if he turns into a bat and flies out through the bars?

MULDER: That man is clearly delusional but I get the sense that not even he believes his claims. For now, weve got to play along with his beliefs. Im hoping the sunlight will give him an excuse to talk.

DETECTIVE MUNSON: Why dont you go back to your hotel and get some sleep.

MULDER: I didnt check into a hotel room. I dont sleep anymore. (smiles bitterly and leaves)




SCENE 8
(Two hours later in the cell. The sun reaches JOHN, THE SONs feet. He begins screaming as smoke rises from his feet, and tries to press as far against the wall as he can.)

GUARD: (outside the cell) Number four, right away!

(More screaming.)

GUARD: (outside the cell) Number four, right away!

(Screams continue. Guards watch as JOHN, THE SONs burnt body falls to the floor.)




SCENE 9
(Later, in the cell, the coroner, DR. BROWNING, and MULDER look at JOHN, THE SONs burned body.)

DR. BROWNING: An edema ball at the nostrils. Rupture of the skull due to internal steam pressure  these are indications of long term exposure to extreme temperatures, not a sunburn for 15 seconds.

MULDER: The guards found no flammable materials? I had believed that this mans illness was psychological.

DR. BROWNING: There is a condition known as Gunthers Disease  congenital erythropoietic porphyria creating cutaneous photosensitivity.

MULDER: Im familiar with porphyria. Its an affliction which causes lesions and blisters when skin is exposed to sunlight, not fourth degree burns. Sufferers may have a hema deficiency which can be supplemented by a small ingestion of blood, not the kind of bloodthirst this man had. Its probably ignorance of porphyria as a disease that led to the creation of vampire myths in Asia in the Middle Ages. I had dismissed the possibility of the actual existence of such a creature as myth.

DR. BROWNING: (staring at MULDER throughout his speech) You are really upsetting me. On several levels.

MULDER: When will you get the blood tests back?

DR. BROWNING: Next week.

MULDER: (pointing to JOHN, THE SONs hand) Whats this purple stain here?

DR. BROWNING: Could be an ink stamp like they give at a party or a club.

MULDER: Can you read it?

DR. BROWNING: It is possible that the heat burned the ink permanently into the lower levels of the skin. (gets a lamp from GUARDS DESK AND HOLDS IT OVER THE HAND:) An old coroners trick.

MULDER: I can make a quarter appear from behind your ear.

(DR. BROWNING smiles then peels skin away revealing "Club Tepes" on the hand.)




SCENE 10
CLUB TEPES
(Club Tepes. Smoky, loud dance club. Vampire movies on the TV screens. MULDER, very out of place in his suit, enters. He passes by KRISTEN, beautiful, extremely thin, very spooky looking. She is sitting alone using at a compact with no mirror. He walks around her, curious.)

KRISTEN: Are you about to ask what a normal person like me is doing in a place like this?

MULDER: (sitting) How do you define normal?

KRISTEN: (to waitress) Risha .. Red wine. (to MULDERs ear) I dont. How do you?

MULDER: I dont. All I know is, uh .. normal is not what I feel.

KRISTEN: Youve lost someone. Not a lover, a friend. (wine arrives) Ill get these. (hands over money, MULDER sees syringes in her purse)

(They raise glasses.)

MULDER: He who drinks my blood

KRISTEN: shall have eternal life. (they drink) Youre not interested in this place  in what we do.

MULDER: How do you know?

KRISTEN: Youre afraid of me. I take the life of others  inside me, into my blood.

MULDER: I need to know.

(KRISTEN takes his hand, very sexual, and leads him to a dark corner of the bar where they sit. She pulls one of several syringes out of her purse.)

KRISTEN: All day long I deal with equity notes, bonds, nothing thats real. This gives my life life. (she pricks her finger and offers the bloody tip to MULDER) My names Kristen. Its a normal name.

MULDER: (pulling her hand away from his mouth) AIDS. Arent you afraid?

KRISTEN: I wish I could die.

(KRISTEN gets up and walks to a man, DAVID YUNG on the dance floor. She kisses him, then offers him the drop of blood on her finger that MULDER refused. YUNG takes her finger into his mouth and sucks on it. MULDER watches confused, almost jealously. KRISTEN leads YUNG out of the club. MULDER follows discreetly. A man, THE FATHER watches them leave.)




SCENE 11
8426 MELROSE AVE.
(Later, MULDER drives up to a house. Over the door is an eagle with a sun.)

MULDER: (to himself) Father. The Sun.

(He looks in the window and sees KRISTEN kissing YUNG. A trickle of blood runs down YUNGs throat. A car turns the corner nearby illuminating MULDER. KRISTEN sees him. MULDER tries to open the door, then backs away and runs around the house to another door where YUNG opens the door and knocks MULDER back down the stairs. MULDER lies on the pavement.)

YUNG: I dont know who you are, Freak, but were two consenting adults. Now, get the hell out of here.

(YUNG goes back inside.)

YUNG: Kristen? Kristen? (doesnt see her) Kristen? Come out. Its my turn.

(Eats a strawberry out of the refrigerator. Sees the shape of a woman in the door.)

YUNG: Dont worry. I took care of that guy. I told you Id protect you.

(YUNG is knocked to the floor by a man. YUNG begins screaming as the woman and another man converge on him.)




SCENE 12
(Later, same house, now a crime scene. YUNGs body still on floor.)

DETECTIVE MUNSON: The murderers cut off the power supply at some point and the phone. Fits their MO.

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Agent Mulder, this is our forensic dentist you requested  Dr. Jacobs.

DR. JACOBS: (shakes hands) How do you do.

MULDER: (quietly) I dont want to bias your report, but I need a preliminary examination for anything  unnatural.

DR. JACOBS: Uh huh. (to an officer) Shine the light down here. (begins looking at the body)

(MULDER searching the house finds KRISTINs compact under the stove and a can of raspberry sauce dripping in the refrigerator. With fingerprints.)

DETECTIVE MUNSON: Agent Mulder. All this time Ive been putting raspberry sauce on ice cream.

MULDER: Check these prints immediately. One will be the victims. The other should be the woman were looking for.

(MULDER goes back to DR. JACOBS.)

DR. JACOBS: Well, the bites are not done by an animal. These are human. And, realize this is a cursory exam, but Id say they were made by three different people.




SCENE 13
(Police station. MULDER is looking at the file on KRISTEN.

KRISTEN KILAR
1233 MALIBU CANYON
MALIBU, CA 91607
SEX:F HAIR :BL EYES:
HT: 58" WT: 100 DOB:
RESTR: None

There are two previous addresses.

164 Valley View Dr. Portland, Oregon 97223

4057 Sweetgum Lane Memphis, Tennessee 88161

MULDER looks at the files of the murders that were committed in each of those cities.)

MULDER: The Unholy Spirit.




SCENE 14
(KRISTENs house. MULDER and team of police arrive.)

DETECTIVE MUNSON: Weve got the front. You guys go around back. You, check the garage. Okay. Do it. Open her up.

(They pick the lock and enter the house.)

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Miss Kilar? Los Angeles Police Department. We have a warrant to search the premises.

(No response.)

(MULDER goes into the kitchen, latex gloves on. DETECTIVE MUNSON joins him and shows him what he has found.)

DETECTIVE MUNSON: I found these. Veterinary needles. Size matches the puncture wounds of the previous victims. This is from a snake bit kit. Its placed over the wound to extract poison. Only this one 

MULDER: Has blood in it.

(DETECTIVE MUNSON is called away to another part of the house.)

(MULDER opens the oven and finds a loaf of bread. He breaks it open and finds that it is filled with blood. He quickly shuts the oven again when DETECTIVE NETTLES enters the kitchen.)

DETECTIVE NETTLES: Well, she wasnt at work, and shes not here.

MULDER: (with conviction) Shes gone, and shes not coming back.




SCENE 15
2:15 AM
(That night. KRISTEN comes in the house. She takes down her hair, then notices MULDER sitting in the foyer. His tie is gone, shirt partially unbuttoned. He looks exhausted.)

MULDER: Special Agent Fox Mulder. (shows badge) Federal Bureau of Investigation. Theyre after you.

KRISTEN: How do you know?

MULDER: The bread. Legends in Eastern European countries. Its said that one can protect oneself eating bread filled with blood. You were protecting yourself.

KRISTEN: (walking toward him) And now youre protecting me?

MULDER: I think its best if I took you into protective custody. Theyll kill once more. Theyll try to kill you.

KRISTEN: (circling him) Why are you here alone? Because you think youre not afraid? Because you need to know. You need to know they are who you believe they are.

MULDER: What I believe you to be.

(KRISTEN crosses to the window and listens to the helicopters overhead.)

KRISTEN: One change in the wind and the fires will move this way. Have you ever tasted blood? (MULDER hesitates) No. You havent. Blood tastes  dangerous. Its sweet and thick.

MULDER: (moving toward her) You were in Memphis and Portland when the other murders occurred. How are you connected?

KRISTEN: When I was a little girl, my father my father beat me. "Abused" is too frail a word. He showed his love for me by beating me. I was dead. One night, he hit me so hard he knocked out two teeth, then locked me in my room. The blood poured from my mouth onto the floor and down my throat. It was the only way I knew I was alive. I met John in Chicago. You know him as "The Son." He also beat me. (laughs softly) I guess that's the way it works sometimes. He hit me once and cut open my lip. I was angry. As revenge, I jumped on him and I bit through his lip. He tasted my blood. And I tasted his. After that, we were into blood sports. But... I never... I lost him. One night he came home with two others and it turned... unnatural. I left him and I moved to Memphis.

MULDER: But they followed you. They want you.

KRISTEN: Im tired of running. And youre here to protect me.

(She reaches into his shirt and fingers SCULLYs cross which MULDER is wearing.)

KRISTEN: (amused) You trying to ward me off?

MULDER: Thats from someone I lost.

KRISTEN: Well, I hope you find her.

MULDER: The one you lost, John, hes  dead. But theyve picked up another. Theyre three again. Kristen, youll be safer if you come back to the police station with me.

KRISTEN: Without him, they wont come for me. I wont go.

MULDER: Then I wont go.

KRISTEN: (smiles) You need to get cleaned up.

(MULDER, sighs, and looks sheepishly embarrassed.)

(Later, MULDER, shirtless, is in the bathroom shaving by feel, since there is no mirror. KRISTEN knocks.)

MULDER: Yeah?

(KRISTEN enters in a robe and looks at him.)

MULDER: No mirrors.

KRISTEN: I dont like the way I look.

MULDER: That makes this hard.

KRISTEN: (sitting on the sink in front of him) Ill do it.

(MULDER steps between her legs and lets her take the razor and begin shaving his face. On the second swipe, MULDER grunts as she nicks his jaw on the left side. She stops shaving him and reaches out and wipes the blood onto her finger. She brings the drop to her lips, but MULDER grasps her wrist and pulls her hand away from her face.)

MULDER: Its not who you are. It doesnt make you happy.

(They stare at each other for a moment, then KRISTEN pulls his head to hers. He meets her in a kiss that quickly builds in hunger and intensity. Locked in the kiss, MULDER pushes her down and back out of frame. Wow. They are not watching TV tonight. Outside the window, JOHN, THE SON watches them with evil intent. Sound of helicopters overhead.)




SCENE 16
5:47 AM
(Later, just before dawn, KRISTEN is walking through the dark house. Suddenly, JOHN grabs her and puts his hand over her mouth. She struggles.)

JOHN, THE SON: I've been watching. I had to wait for you to finish. I had to wait to tell you. It's true. I was as surprised as anybody. (releases her) You can live forever. Everybody else just dies but we... We come back. The spirit showed me. And now she'll show you. We live in a different world, Kristen, and nobody on the outside can end my life. You can't kill me but I can kill you. I know, Kristen, what I did to you was... if I were to die I would certainly go to hell for what I did, but I love you and I can atone for eternity. Kill him... and we'll be together. You've got to drink the blood of his spirit.

KRISTEN: But hes not 

JOHN, THE SON: No, no. He is. A spirit is one who believes. He knows we're possible. You don't have much time before the sun comes up. (holds up knife) Cut him open... and we'll finish.

(KRISTEN takes the knife and goes into the bedroom. MULDER is sleeping, fully clothed. She leans over him. He wakes.)

KRISTEN: You have to go.

MULDER: (sitting up suddenly) Are they here?

KRISTEN: The fire. You have to go.

MULDER: (putting on his shoes) My cars down the hill.

KRISTEN: Mines in the garage. The keys are in it.

MULDER: You have to get your things.

KRISTEN: Ill be right there.

(MULDER ducks as she stabs with the knife, but she hits the figure beside the bed, THE FATHER. MULDER watches as she stabs him repeatedly. THE FATHER staggers forward and falls on the bed.)

KRISTEN: Hes not dead! Johns alive. I saw him.

MULDER: Come on.

(MULDER leads her out into the hall. JOHN, THE SON attacks MULDER, and they fight. MULDER whacks JOHN, THE SONs legs, then uses a lamp cord to tie him up. Then MULDER pulls KRISTEN into the garage and puts her in the passenger seat of her car, then gets in the drivers seat and starts the car. The WOMAN from the beginning, the UNHOLY SPIRIT, drops down onto the car and pulls MULDER out the sunroof after she shatters the glass. KRISTEN starts the car and runs into THE UNHOLY SPIRIT forcing her to release MULDER. THE UNHOLY SPIRIT begins speaking Rumanian, and KRISTEN rams the car again, pinning the SPIRIT against the wall. As she slides limply down the wall, we see a trail of blood where she was impaled on a wooden peg in the wall.)

MULDER: (running to KRISTEN) Are you all right?

KRISTEN: I wont leave without him.

MULDER: Ill go.

(MULDER runs back into the house and begins to untie JOHN, THE SON. He hears a car motor from the garage and runs back to investigate. He sees the empty garage, and runs down the long driveway, finding KRISTENs empty BMW.)

(Inside the house, KRISTEN pours gasoline all around JOHN and the two other unconscious ones in the hall.)

JOHN, THE SON: Well rise up! You cant kill us! Youre not one of us!

KRISTEN: But I will be. (smiles, wipes blood off a wound on her head, then licks the blood off) Im tasting the blood of a believer.

JOHN, THE SON: (getting nervous) But you havent taken a life.

(KRISTEN opens a box of matches and lights one.)

KRISTEN: Ill take mine.

JOHN, THE SON: Dont do that! Dont do that! Dont! Dont! Dont! No! No! No!

(Smiling sadly, KRISTEN drops the match.)

(MULDER, walking back to the house sees the huge explosion as fire quickly consumes the house.)




SCENE 17
(Later, FIREMAN approaches MULDER who is sitting on the grass nearby the burned house.)

FIREMAN: Agent Mulder. (kneels down) Im sorry. We found four bodies  all dead.

MULDER: The remains?

FIREMAN: The fire was extremely hot. Its just ashes and bones.

(The FIREMAN walks away. MULDER reaches into his collar and pulls out SCULLYs cross necklace and looks at it. He holds it tightly as he looks off into the distance.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
(Were flying right above the clouds as Margaret speaks.)
MARGARET SCULLY: Once, when she was a girl... a very little girl... Dana was in the woods.
(The sun shines as leaves fall.)
It was autumn.
(Little Dana is running through the woods.)
She had always been a tomboy, unlike her sister Melissa.
(Dana is holding a B.B. gun as her brothers point out how to use it and things about it.)
For her birthday, Danas brothers had given her a B.B. gun and were showing her how to use it.
(William Scully puts a tin can down on a log.)
Their father had told them only to shoot cans...
(William Jr. picks up a garter snake from a pile of leaves.)
But in a patch of grass, Bill Jr. found a garter snake.
(He tosses the snake off and aims his B.B. gun at it, along with his brother. Dana joins in and all three shoot at the garter snake.)
And they began shooting. Wanting to fit in with her brothers, Dana also shot at the snake.
(The bullets pierce the ground near the snake as it tries to get away.)
It squirmed wildly, desperatly fighting for life but as the boys continued to shoot the snake began to bleed. When she realized what she had done...
(Dana lowers her gun and walks over to the dead snake. She kneels down, picks it up and begins to cry.)
Dana began to cry with irrevocable guilt. Through her tears, she was saying that... something was missing from the snake. She had taken something that was not hers to take. And although deathly afraid of snakes, Dana held the animal as if sheer human will could keep it alive. The snake, its blood on her hands, died. There was nothing she could do to bring it back.
(We see Mrs. Scully and Mulder are sitting at a table.)
MULDER: Its too soon, Mrs. Scully. We cant give up.
MARGARET SCULLY: That day in the woods, I felt for my daughter. But at this moment, I know how my daughter felt.
(The door opens and Mrs. Scully stands up. A man walks in carrying something. She walks over and he lifts the cover off. Mulder walks over, looks at it, and turns away. It is a tombstone, and it reads:
" = DANA KATHERINE
======= SCULLY
= 1964--------1994
= LOVING DAUGHTER & FRIEND
"The Spirit is the Truth." JOHN 5:07")



SCENE 2
MULDERS APARTMENT
(An X-File, presumably Scullys, sits on his desk. We hear moaning emanating from the TV, a man and a woman. Mulder is lying on the couch. He looks at the TV, then rewinds it and plays it again. The phone rings. He looks up at it.)



SCENE 3
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder storms through the halls, then starts jogging. Phones ring and doctors talk as Mulder runs past them. A nurse grabs his hand, trying to stop him.)
NURSE: Sir... sir, you cant go in there!
(He breaks free and runs through a door marked "Authorized Personal Only." He runs to Scullys side. She is hooked up to various machines, her face covered with them. She is in a coma and attached to a respirator.)
MULDER: Who...?
(He looks at Mrs. Scully, who is staring at her daughter. Mulder looks away, knowing her pain. He looks over to the various people sitting around.)
Who brought her here?
(He stands and starts around the bed.)
How did she get here?
NURSE: Sir, will you please...
MULDER: (shouting) How did she get here?
NURSE: Ms. Scully was in this condition when I arrived for the evening shift. If youll step outside, perhaps Dr. Daly...
MULDER: Is that Daly?
(He points at a man, then walks over to him.)
Are you Dr. Daly?
(The man nods.)
Whats going on? How the hell did she get here?
DOCTOR DALY: Would you settle down...
MULDER: Was it, was it paramedics, FBI, military? Answer me right now!
(People start murmuring and screaming. Mrs. Scully does not look up, her eyes fixated on her daughter.)
DOCTOR DALY: I...
MULDER: What, youre telling me she just appeared?
DOCTOR DALY: Sir...
MULDER: Who did this to her!?
DOCTOR DALY: Sir...
(Mulder goes to the nurses desk and starts throwing papers.)
MULDER: I want to see her admission forms. Who did this to her? I want to see what tests have been done!
(Daly struggles with him for the papers. Security guards grab Mulder and start dragging him away.)
Listen, if youre hiding anything, I swear, I will do anything, whatever it takes, I will find out what they did to her!



SCENE 4
DALYS OFFICE
(Daly is looking at some charts. Mrs. Scully is sitting in a chair, Mulder is sitting on the arm.)
DOCTOR DALY: Presently, we have Dana listed under critical condition, comatose. There is complete unawareness of self or environment. There is no evidence of language comprehension, no evidence of voluntary responses to external stimuli. My apologies but... no one here can determine how Dana arrived at the hospital, administered and how she was attended to in such critical condition. Um... because of the absence of Danas recent medical history, I am at a loss for prognosis. I cant determine with certainty how long shes been in this state.
MARGARET SCULLY: You havent told us why shes like this.
DOCTOR DALY: We just dont know, Mrs. Scully. There are no indications of acute injuries, traumatic or non-traumatic, I cant find any signs of degenerative or metabolic disorders. We have conducted every test possible.
MULDER: Id like her examined for trace evidence.
DOCTOR DALY: She has been bathed and cleaned since her admittance. Also, there is a situation which I dont know if youre aware of. The F.B.I. has notified us of the terms of Danas living will.
MARGARET SCULLY: What is it, what did she say?
DOCTOR DALY: Well, Dana is a doctor. Her criteria for terminating life support is quite specific. She states that, um... if her glasgow outcome scale lists her...
MULDER: (to Mrs. Scully) She doesnt want to live in this condition.
DOCTOR DALY: (to Mulder) You signed the will as her witness.



SCENE 5
DANAS HOSPITAL BED
(Danas sister, Melissa stands over her, holding a crystal above her. Mulder comes over and Melissa looks at him.)
MELISSA SCULLY: Ive been told not to call you Fox.
MULDER: By who?
MELISSA SCULLY: Dana, just now.
MULDER: Dana talked to you just now? If she talked, the EEG would have moved.
(Melissa laughs.)
MELISSA SCULLY: Her soul is here.
(Mrs. Scully walks over.)
Hi, Mom.
MARGARET SCULLY: Im glad you could come, Melissa.
MULDER: Youre Scullys sister.
MELISSA SCULLY: Danas choosing whether... whether to remain or move on.
(She puts her hands over Scullys body. Margaret walks away.)
You can feel her. Here.
(She places his hand above Scullys body. In Scullys mind, she is sitting in a rowboat on a lake The rowboat is tied to a dock with a piece of rope. On the dock, she sees Mulder and Melissa, with a nurse in the background.)
MULDER: Shes not here.
MELISSA SCULLY: No, your anger and your... your fears blocking...
(Back to the room.)
...any positive emotions she needs to feel.
MULDER: I need to do more than just wave my hands in the air.
(He walks away.)



SCENE 6
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Mulder takes some masking tape and puts an "X" on his window. He shines the lamp through it and turns off the rest of the lights. He sits down. Over the course of the night, he waits patiently, sometimes playing with a basketball, before going to sleep. In the morning, he wakes up, looks at the "X" and goes to the door. He picks up the newspaper, goes back in, unwraps it, and flips through it. He sees no help from X. He throws it away, rips the "X" off the window and slams his fist down.)



SCENE 7
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Frohike walks in, decked out in a suit and bowtie, carrying flowers. He walks to the nurses desk.)
NURSE: May I help you?
FROHIKE: Uh, Dana Scully, please.
(Mulder looks over to the voice, moving the phone away from his ear.)
MULDER: Frohike?
(A nurse pulls open the curtains and takes Frohikes flowers. They look at Scully, Frohike saddened. He takes a look at her charts.)
FROHIKE: Hey, Mulder. This is weird.



SCENE 8
THE LONE GUNMEN'S OFFICE; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Byers is sitting down, looking at the charts. Mulder sits at another desk. Frohike is standing, and Langly walks over and sits on the desk behind Mulder.)
BYERS: Good work sneaking out these charts.
FROHIKE: Snuck em in my pants.
MULDER: Theres plenty of room down there.
(Frohike looks at him and sits down on the desk next to Byers.)
LANGLY: You look down, Mulder. Tell you what, youre welcome to come over Saturday night. Were all hopping on the internet to nitpick the scientific inaccuracies of "Earth 2."
MULDER: Im doing my laundry.
BYERS: The chart shows abnormal protein chains in the blood. The amino acid sequence is in a combination Ive never seen before.
(He slides his chair over to the computer. They all walk over to him.)
Ive downloaded Scullys medical data to the newest Lone Gunman.
FROHIKE: He goes by the name "The Thinker."
BYERS: This guys a hacking genius.
(On the screen is a picture of Nixon with such phrases as "I am not a crook!" and "Let me make this perfectly clear..." The screen flips to one that has a 3-D image of Scullys DNA, as well as two other charts with DNA coding. The computer beeps twice and sentences begin filing in. Byers and Langly read it and look worried.
MULDER: What?
BYERS: The Thinker reports the protein chains are a result of branched DNA.
MULDER: Branched DNA?
LANGLY: The cutting edge of genetic engineering.
BYERS: A biological equivalent of a silicon microchip.
LANGLY: This is way beyond cutting edge. This technology fifty years down the line.
MULDER: Whats it used for?
FROHIKE: Could be a tracking system.
BYERS: Developmental stages of a biological marker.
MULDER: You mean a high-tech identity card?
LANGLY: Or something as insidious as grafting a human into something... inhuman.
(The computer beeps again.)
BYERS: Good theories, gentlemen, but all for naught.
(He points at a protein data map.)
This branched DNA is inactive. Its waste product. Whoever was experimenting on Scully is finished. Now its nothing more than a biological poison.
MULDER: Will she live?
(Byers looks at Mulder, then at Langly, who looks back solemnly.)
BYERS: Um... her immune system has been decimated and, uh... I doubt even a healthy human body has the ability to fight this. Mulder, theres nothing you can do.



SCENE 9
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(In Scullys mind, there is now a nurse standing at the shore.)
NURSE OWENS: Dana? Dana, honey? I know you can hear me. This is Nurse Owens. Im here to take care of you, sweetheart, to watch over you. Help you find the way home.
(In reality, Owens is leaning over on the bed, whispering to her.)
I know youre far away from home tonight and that where you are is peaceful.
It would be nice to stay but Dana, you must leave here only when its time.
(She puts her hand on Scullys forehead. Mulder walks in.)
Ill be here when you need me, dear.
(She kisses Scullys forehead and leaves. The nurse walks in carrying a machine.)
NURSE: Excuse me, sir. Im going to have to take some blood.
(She does so. As she does, Mulder looks back into another room and sees a man in an overcoat standing over an old lady. The man looks back. The nurse puts the vial down on the counter when a long beeping sounds. She looks up to see that the old lady has flatlined. The Overcoat Man is nowhere to be found.)
Code blue crash cart!
(She runs in, along with a few other doctors.)
MALE NURSE: Red wave coming in!
NURSE: Lets go!
DOCTOR: Alright, lets get an airway in!
NURSE: (says something intellegibly) B.P. 80 over 60 and dropping.
(Mulder looks down at Scully. The nurse closes the curtains.)
DOCTOR: Alright, lets shock her. Give me the paddles. 200 joules. Clear!
NURSE: Clear!
(The defribillators go off. Mulder notices that the vial with the blood is gone.)
DOCTOR: What do we got?
NURSE: (says something intellegibly)
DOCTOR: Lets go again, 260, clear!
NURSE: Clear!
DOCTOR: Come on!
(Mulder whips back the curtain and sees the door closing. The doctors and nurses continue talking as he runs out after The Overcoat Man. He runs out to see the man walking down the hall. He begins running after him.)
MULDER: Hey!
(The man begins running as well. The man jumps into an elevator and presses the button many times. Mulder comes too late as the elevator closes. He tries to pry open the doors, pushes the button, then starts running down the stairs. He runs down to the lobby and, seeing no one outside, goes back in and runs down to the parking lot. He sees the Overcoat Man turning a corner. Taking out his gun, he moves silently along the wall until X grabs him, slamming him against the wall and putting a gun to his head.)
X: Didnt expect you here till after visiting hours.
MULDER: There was a man, he took Scullys blood.
X: Forget him.
MULDER: Get that gun out of my face...
X: This high-capacity compact Sig Saver .40 caliber weapon is pointed at your head to stress my insistence that your search for who put your partner on that respirator desist immediately!
MULDER: You ignore my call for help and then you expect me to do what you say? You go to hell!
X: You got him killed! You got her killed. Thats not going to happen to me. Youre my tool, you understand? I come to you when I need you. Right now, youre heading in a direction that can lead them right here.
MULDER: What the hell are you talking about?
X: Youre not supposed to know. Thats the point.
MULDER: I owe her more than just sitting around doing nothing.
X: She was a good soldier, Mulder, but theres nothing you can do to bring her back.
MULDER: Shes not dead.
(X laughs slightly.)
X: Listen to you. Listen. Youre a damn schoolboy, Mulder. You have no idea. No idea!
MULDER: Okay, then tell me. Tell me!
(They stare at each other angrily. X loosens his grip.)
X: I used to be you. I was where you are now. But youre not me, Mulder. I dont think you have the heart. Walk away. Grieve for Scully and then never look back. You will be able to live with yourself, Mulder... on the day you die.
(A door closes and X looks to the sound. Mulder breaks his grip and runs in that direction. X, trying to remain in the shadows, cannot follow him. Mulder sees the man and skulks behind the cars towards him.)
MULDER: Federal agent!
(The Overcoat Man fires at him. Mulder moves behind a column. The man runs and opens a door, then goes in. Mulder follows. He looks down both ways of the hallway, then goes right. He hears some rattling and follows the noise. Moving into the laundry room, he manages to sneak up behind the man.)
Federal agent, dont turn around. You know Im armed. Put your gun very slowly on the ground.
(The man does so. Mulder holds his gun at him the whole time.)
Put your hands behind your head and interlock your fingers. Turn right towards the machine and put your head on it.
(He does so. Mulder walks behind him, reaches into his pocket and pulls out the vial. He walks back to where he was.)
Face me.
(The man does, his fingers still interlocked behind his head.)
Who wants this? Who wants it?
(No answer.)
All right, lets go. This way.
(He points and they start walking. After a few feet, the Overcoat Man grabs a cart and slams it back into Mulder. He then takes a metal pipe and smashes it into Mulder four times, knocking him down and forcing him to drop his gun and the vial. Mulder is nearly unconscious as the man bends over to pick up the vial. As he does, X sneaks up behind him, grabs his hand and twists it around his back, breaking his arm. He then snaps it back, breaking his wrist. X grabs onto him from behind and kicks the gun away. He walks past Mulder just as Mulder begins to regain consciousness. X looks at him.)
X: Stay there.
(He pushes the man forward. Mulder struggles to try to get to his feet.)
MULDER: Wait!
(X whips out a gun and shoots the Overcoat Man, apparently in the arm. He looks at Mulder again as the man groans.)
X: You want to see what it takes to find the truth, Agent Mulder? You want to know what I know?
(Mulder watches as X walks over and shoots the man again, this time in the head. He walks back to Mulder.)
Ill attend to this.
(He walks back towards the man. Later, Daly sits in his office with Melissa, Margaret, and Mulder. They are all sitting except for Fox.)
DOCTOR DALY: Discontinuing the respirator does not necessarily mean pulling the plug or ending her life. Karen Ann Quinlan lived for nine years after cessation of mechanical ventilation. I do believe, however, that this is not the case with your daughter, Mrs. Scully. My guess is that shes been in this state since her disappearance and she will not improve.
MELISSA SCULLY: Is she below the criteria established in her will?
MULDER: Its possible branched DNA can be treated with designer antibiotics.
DOCTOR DALY: Agent Mulder, I dont know where you developed this bizarre diagnosis, but I do believe youre in no position to continue your...
MULDER: Youve never provided an answer as to why shes here or whats wrong with her. We need to study her.
MELISSA SCULLY: Shes not a piece of evidence.
MULDER: Shes here because of unnatural circumstances.
MELISSA SCULLY: Shes dying. Thats perfectly natural. We hide people in these rooms because we dont want to look at death. We have machines prolong a life that should, that should end. Thats a much more unnatural circumstance than any cause of her death.
MULDER: Thats very politically correct.
MELISSA SCULLY: Thats very human. I love her. This is right.
MARGARET SCULLY: Dana has made our decision. Fox... you and Dana had a friendship built on respect. Now, in the last year...
(She stands, almost crying. Melissa is almost crying too.)
I have lost my husband. And God knows I dont want to lose my baby girl. But like you, I have always respected her.
(She walks to the door and turns back.)
Fox... this is a moment for the family. But you can join us if you want.
(Mulder lightly shakes his head no. Margaret, Melissa and Daly walk out. In Scullys mind, she sees Nurse Owens standing on the dock. The rope is pulled taut and suddenly snaps. Scully starts to float away.)



SCENE 10
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR SKINNERS OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man throws a document down on Skinners desk and picks up a pack of "Morleys" cigarettes. Skinner is sitting at his desk.)
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Read it. Its all there. If youre having trouble sitting on Mulder, Assistant Director Skinner, Im sure you know wed have no trouble.
(He puts a cigarette in his mouth and takes out his lighter.)
SKINNER: Uh-uh.
(He nods towards a sign on Skinners desk that reads "Thank You For Not Smoking." Cancer Man proceeds to light it anyway. He takes a few drags as he walks across the room. He stubs it out in an ashtray and walks out through the double-doors. Through the single door at the side of his office, there is a knocking.)
Yeah, come in.
(Mulder walks in and notices the cigarette, still smoking.)
Sit down.
(He does so.)
I called you right up here because of rumors about an incident at the hospital last night.
MULDER: Is this about the tooth that was found in the cafeteria jello?
SKINNER: The rumor has it that you were involved in the laundry room?
MULDER: No, sir.
SKINNER: A man was executed, Agent Mulder.
MULDER: I was with Scully.
SKINNER: Traces of her blood were found at the scene.
MULDER: May I see the police report?
SKINNER: There is no police report of this incident, Agent Mulder, and there is no body. You know that.
MULDER: Since I am unfamiliar with any such incident, sir, no, how would I know that?
SKINNER: Knock it off!
(He stands.)
MULDER: Hows it feel? Constant denial of everything, questions answered with a question.
SKINNER: I want to know what happened, damn it.
MULDER: Him. Thats what happened.
(He stands and picks up the ashtray, putting it down on Skinners desk.)
Cancer Man! Hes responsible for what happened to Scully!
SKINNER: How do you know that?
MULDER: Its a rumor. Who is he?
SKINNER: Its not your...
MULDER: Oh, you can have it all, you can have my badge, you can have the X-Files, just tell me where he is.
SKINNER: And then what? He sleeps with the fishes? Were not the mafia, Agent Mulder. I know its easy to forget but we work for the Department of Justice.
MULDER: Thats what I want.
SKINNER: Agent Scully was a fine officer. More than that, I liked her. I respected her. We all know the field we play on and we all know what can happen in the course of a game. If you were unprepared for all the potentials, then you shouldnt step on the field.
(Mulder turns away and walks a few steps before looking back.)
MULDER: What if I... I knew the potential consequences but I... I never told her?
SKINNER: Then youre as much to blame for her condition as... "The Cancer Man."
(Mulder walks out.)



SCENE 11
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(In Scullys mind, she is laying on a table in a white dress. All the walls are white except for one, which is a black void. Through the void walks her father, dressed in his admirals uniform. He walks over to her.)
WILLIAM SCULLY: Hello, Starbuck. Its Ahab. People would say to me, "Life is short." "Kids, they grow up fast," and "Before you know it, its over." I never listened. For me, life went at a proper pace. There were many rewards... until the moment that I knew, I... understood that... that I would never see you again... my little girl. Then my life felt as if it had been the length of one breath, one heartbeat. I never knew how much I loved my daughter until I could never tell her. At that moment, I would have traded every medal, every commendation, every promotion for... one more second with you. Well be together again, Starbuck. But not now. Soon.
(He slowly turns and walks back into the void. In reality, Nurse Owens is standing over her again. She leans in and whispers to her.)
NURSE OWENS: Dana? I know death is at arms reach tonight, but Dana? Your time is not over.
(At the cafeteria, Mulder is eating lunch with Melissa.)
MELISSA SCULLY: You know, Fox sorry, Mulder... you could spend the rest of your life finding every person whos responsible and its still not going to bring her back. Whoever did this to her has an equal horror coming to them.
MULDER: Including myself?
(Melissa looks at him strangely. A woman comes up to Mulder.)
WOMAN: Pardon me, sir, do you have change for the cigarette machine?
(He checks his pockets for money.)
MULDER: No. Sorry, I dont.
(She smiles and walks over to the machine.)
MELISSA SCULLY: What do you mean, yourself?
WOMAN: Theres a pack already here... Morleys. Not my brand.
(She walks away. Mulder stands up and pulls the pack out of the slot. He unwraps the top and opens it. He takes out a folded piece of paper that reads "900 W. Georgia St.")



SCENE 12
THE CIGARETTE-SMOKING MANS APARTMENT
(Cancer Man sits in his chair, watching an old war movie. There are various screams coming out of it. On the table, his ashtray is filled to the brim with old cigarettes. His gun sits on the other side of the table as he puts his newly-finished cigarette into one of the beer bottles.)
MAN ON TV: Want a cigarette, Rev? How bout a smoke?
(He picks up a pack of Morleys and hears a creak. He starts to get up when Mulder grabs him by the back off his shirt and throws him back into his chair.)
MULDER: Sit down!
(Mulder swings around and points a gun directly at his head.)
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Howd you find me?
MULDER: Shut up! Tonight, I ask the questions! Youre going to answer me, you son of a bitch!
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Dont try and threaten me, Mulder. Ive watched presidents die.
(He puts a cigarette in his mouth. Mulder backhands it out. Cancer Man looks shocked.)
MULDER: Why her? Why her and not me?
(Cancer Man does not respond. He is slumped back in his chair, obviously somewhat scared.)
Answer me!
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: I like you. I like her too. Thats why she was returned to you.
(Mulder grips his gun with both hands and leans in a little.)
MULDER: You should be the one to die.
(The Cigarette-Smoking Man is completely cool and confident now. Mulder, on the other hand, is falling apart.)
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Why? Look at me. No wife, no family, some power. Im in the game because I believe what Im doing is right.
MULDER: (almost whispering) Right? Who are you to decide whats right?
CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Who are you? If people were to know the things I know, it would all fall apart. I told Skinner you shot the man in the hospital but I didnt really believe it. And here you are with a gun to my head. I have more respect for you, Mulder. Youre becoming a player. You can kill me now, but youll never know the truth...
(Mulder squeezes the trigger but slowly releases it.)
...and thats why Ill win. Dont worry. Thisll be our secret. We wouldnt want others to start rumors.
(He lights a cigarette and takes a drag. Mulder watches, half-disgusted with Cancer Man and half-disgusted with himself.)



SCENE 13
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON D.C.
(Mulder sits at his computer and is typing something. He clicks a button on the mouse and the printer fires up. He takes the paper out and signs it. It reads:
"To Assistant Director Walter S. Skinner
Please accept my resignation from the Federal Bureau of Investigation effective immediately.
Sincerely,
______________ (Mulders signature.)
Fox Mulder."
He leans back in his chair. Later, Mulder takes his microscope and puts it in a box. Skinner walks in and sighs.)
SKINNER: When I started out, this is where they kept the copier.
MULDER: At least back then, it wasnt just wasted space.
(Skinner walks towards him and tears up Mulders resignation form.)
SKINNER: Its unacceptable.
(Mulder continues packing books into the box.)
Look, I know you feel responsible for Agent Scully, but I will not accept resignation and defeat as self-punishment.
MULDER: All the forensics, the field investigations, the eyewitness accounts... to still know nothing. To lose myself... and Scully. I hate what Ive become.
(Skinner sighs and takes his glasses off. He walks a little bit as Mulder continues putting folders and such in the box.)
SKINNER: When I was eighteen, I, uh... I went to Vietnam. I wasnt drafted, Mulder, I... I enlisted in the Marine Corps the day of my eighteenth birthday. I did it on a blind faith. I did it because I believed it was the right thing to do. I dont know, maybe I still do. Three weeks into my tour, a ten-year-old North Vietnamese boy walked into camp covered with grenades and I, uh... I blew his head off from a distance of ten yards.
(Mulder looks at him, shocked. He listens intently now.)
I lost my faith. Not in my country or in myself, but in everything. There was just no point to anything anymore. One night on patrol, we were, uh... caught... and everyone... everyone fell. I mean, everyone. I looked down... at my body... from outside of it. I didnt recognize it at first. I watched the V.C. strip my uniform, take my weapon and I remained... in this thick jungle... peaceful... unafraid... watching my... my dead friends. Watching myself. In the morning, the corpsmen arrived and put me in a bodybag until... I guess they found a pulse. I woke in a Saigon hospital two weeks later.
(He walks towards him.)
Im afraid to look any further beyond that experience. You? You are not. Your resignation is unacceptable.
(He starts out.)
MULDER: You.
(Skinner turns back. Mulder sighs.)
You gave me Cancer Mans location. You put your life in danger.
SKINNER: Agent Mulder, every life, everyday is in danger. Thats just life.
(He walks out, closing the door behind him. Later, Mulder carries the box down towards his car. As he reaches the door to the parking lot, a man jumps out in front of him. Mulder drops the box and goes for his gun until he sees it is X. X hands him a plane ticket.)
X: Your plane ticket.
MULDER: But we barely know each other.
X: I cant tell you why she was taken. Its too close to me. Im giving you the men who took her.
MULDER: How?
X: They believe youll be out of town. They believe you information about Scully being kept in your desk in your apartment. AT 8:17 tonight, theyll search your apartment. They will be armed. You will be waiting.
MULDER: Waiting.
X: To defend yourself with terminal intensity. Its the only way, Mulder. The law will not punish these people.
(Mulder sighs and takes the plane ticket.)
After tonight, we cannot make contact for several weeks.
(He dashes off.)



SCENE 14
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Mulder sits alone in the dark, his gun on the table. He spots a shadow covering the light under the door. He looks at his watch. ONLY 7:30. He picks up the gun. As there is a knocking. Outside, Melissa knocks again.)
MELISSA SCULLY: Mulder.
(Mulder opens the door and looks around the hallway.)
Sorry. I came by. You werent answering and your machine wasnt on. Can I come in?
(Mulder looks at her.)
For a second?
(He leads her in and latches the door.)
Why is it so dark in here?
MULDER: Because the lights arent on.
MELISSA SCULLY: Okay. I just came from the hospital. Dr. Daly says... shes weakening. It could be anytime. So I figured youd want to come down and see her.
MULDER: No, I cant.
MELISSA SCULLY: Well, Id think that you would.
MULDER: Yeah, I would. I cant, not right now.
(She walks up to him.)
MELISSA SCULLY: Listen. I dont have to be psychic to see that youre in a very dark place... much darker than where my sister is. Willingly walking deeper into darkness cannot help her at all. Only the light...
MULDER: Enough with the harmonic convergence crap, okay? Youre not saying anything to me.
MELISSA SCULLY: Why dont you just drop your cynicism and your paranoia and your defeat. You know, just because its positive and good doesnt make it silly or trite! Why is it so much easier for you to run around trying to get even than just expressing to her how you feel? I expect more from you. Dana expects more.
(She angrily unlatches the door.)
Even if it doesnt bring her back, at least shell know. And so will you.
(She leaves. Mulder latches the door, sits down and puts the gun back on the table.)



SCENE 15
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder slowly walks up and pulls up a chair. The respirator is gone. Mulder stares at her for a while before putting his hand on hers.)
MULDER: I feel, Scully... that you believe... youre not ready to go. And youve always had the strength of your beliefs. I dont know if my being here... will help bring you back. But Im here.
(He sits back in his chair and stares at her solemnly. The clock reads 8:17.)



SCENE 16
MULDERS APARTMENT
(It is morning. Mulder walks into his apartment to find it completely wrecked. Everything is in shambles. He goes to the doorway from his living room to his office and looks in. He leans up against the door fixture and begins to cry. He slumps down on the floor, crying, looking at his hands.)



SCENE 17
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(In Scullys mind, she is lying on a bed in a small clearing in a forest. A chair is in the corner. The area slowly fades away into the hospital room. Doctors and nurses walk around.)
NURSE AT DESK: Ill look at the chart.
(The nurse who took her blood starts by, but looks at her and stops.)
NURSE: Call Dr. Daly, now.
(She walks over to her head. Scullys eyes are opened. She blinks.)



SCENE 18
MULDERS APARTMENT
(Mulder sits on his sofa as the phone rings. The machine picks it up.)
MULDER ON ANSWERING MACHINE: Hello, this is Fox Mulder. Leave a message...
(He picks up the reciever.)
MULDER: Im here.
(He listens. Slowly, a smile comes onto his face.)



SCENE 19
NORTHEAST GEORGETOWN MEDICAL CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is in a room now, with flowers off to the side. Margaret sits in a chair, Melissa is sitting on her bed. Mulder walks in. Melissa gets up and makes room.)
MARGARET SCULLY: Hello, Fox.
(Scully laughs.)
SCULLY: Not Fox, Mulder.
(Mulder is smiling widely as she looks at him.)
MULDER: How you feeling?
SCULLY: Mulder, I dont remember anything... after Duane Barry...
MULDER: Doesnt... doesnt matter.
(She sighs. He holds up a blue plastic bag.)
Brought you a present.
(He takes out a video and shows it to her.)
"Superstars of the Super Bowl."
SCULLY: I knew there was a reason to live.
MULDER: I know you want to get some rest, I... just came by to see... how you were doing and say hi.
(He holds her hand then starts out.)
SCULLY: Mulder?
(He turns back.)
I had the strength of your beliefs.
(He nods and takes her cross out of his pocket. She reaches up and takes it.)
MULDER: I was holding this for you.
(She looks at it, then at her mother, who smiles.)
SCULLY: (quietly) Thanks.
(Mulder smiles and looks at Melissa, who smiles at him. He walks out. Later, she touches the cross as it sits around her neck. The nurse comes in.)
SCULLY: Hmm. Could I see Nurse Owens? Ive got something Id like her to have.
NURSE: Nurse who?
(She hands Scully her medicine and a cup of water. Scully downs it.)
SCULLY: Owens. Short with straight light brown hair? She watched over me in intensive care and Id like to thank her.
NURSE: Dana, Ive worked here for ten years and theres no Nurse Owens at this hospital.
(She walks out. Scully stares at the door, wondering.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY,
VOLCANO OBSERVATORY,
PASADENA, CALIFORNIA, 2:45 AM
(Pierce and Vosberg are walking down a hall.)

VOSBERG: It was on the call sheet for them to check in with us at midnight.

PIERCE: Did you try every band?

VOSBERG: Repeatedly. All audiovisuals seem to be down.

PIERCE: Maybe it's just a satellite glitch.

(Vosberg reaches into his shirt pocket and pulls out a piece of paper.)

VOSBERG: We thought so, too, until we received this ... (he hands the paper to Pierce) ... from a tracking station in Bend, Oregon. They picked it up about a half hour ago on an emergency frequency.

(The paper reads "EMERGENCY TRANSMISSION. CASCADE VOLCANO RESEARCH TEAM REQUEST IMMEDIATE AIRLIFT")

PIERCE: What are those guys doing?

(They walk into the "Volcano Research Team Data Room", where a technician is seated at the controls.)

VOSBERG: We did manage to uplink Firewalker's video camera. It's at base camp, so we're hoping it can, uh, give us a picture, tell us what's going on there.

TECHNICIAN: Data feed's coming in now.

(The video from Firewalker comes into focus on a monitor. It shows a view from inside the volcano.)

PIERCE: What's the robot doing in the volcano?

VOSBERG: I don't know. There's no descent scheduled.

TECHNICIAN: Firewalker's not responding. Except for the video feed, I can't get control. Someone's overriding it.

(The monitor now shows the air temperature at 143 degrees.)

PIERCE: Lock camera remote and pan left.

(The technician operates a joystick and the video monitor shows that the camera is responding. As it pans left, the legs of a man, lying on the ground, are seen passing across the top of the screen.)

PIERCE: Stop. Stop. Go back. Tilt up and zoom in.

(The technician complies, and the monitor shows a man lying motionless on the ground inside the volcano.)

PIERCE: Erikson.

(A shadow passes across the body.)

VOSBERG: What the hell?

PIERCE: Give me that.

(Pierce takes the controls. As he zooms out and pans right, the shadow is seen again.)

VOSBERG: There it is again. Did you see that? You saw that shadow, didn't you?

TECHNICIAN: Yeah, but what could be moving around in that kind of heat?

VOSBERG: I don't know, maybe it was, uh, just a ghost signal. It wouldn't be the first time.

(Pierce continues to pan across the area, but there is no sign of what caused the shadow. The video feed is then lost, leaving only static on the monitor.)

VOSBERG: What's going on up there?




SCENE 2
MULDER'S OFFICE
(Pierce is showing a video tape to Mulder and Scully. The first part of the tape is from a newscast.)

NEWS ANCHOR: (on video) Let's go now to our science editor, Eric Parker, standing by in Mount Avalon, Washington. Eric?

(The reporter is walking in front of a large mechanical device, with a small group of people in the background. He then approaches Trepkos, who is standing in front of it.)

NEWS REPORTER: (on video) I'm standing here on an historic eve, with a group of scientists who can barely contain their excitement about this device, which looks like a large titanium bug. Its name is Firewalker, and next week will make its first descent into an active volcano. Now this amazing robot is the brainchild of vulcanologist Daniel Trepkos, whose objective is to gather samples from the crater floor which may hold valuable scientific data about the earth's core.

TREPKOS: (on video) Scientific data? We're talking about revisiting the very origin of the earth, peering into the fire where it all began - a human endeavor more important even than man's exploration of space.

(Pierce pauses the video.)

MULDER: It's no mean claim.

PIERCE: Daniel always had a flair for self-dramatization.

SCULLY: I'd always heard that he was brilliant.

PIERCE: Brilliant doesn't go quite far enough. Daniel occupies that rare place among scientists where dreams, ambition and great luck converge.

MULDER: And you think his luck just ran out?

PIERCE: The team of scientists you just saw sent a distress signal yesterday after failing to make a scheduled status report, and they haven't responded to any of our calls. But by using remote telemetry, we were able to activate Firewalker's camera. This is what we found.

(Pierce restarts the video tape, which shows the scene from inside the volcano that was seen earlier.)

PIERCE: You're looking at the floor of the volcano. But this is the last thing we expected to discover. The dead man is, uh, Phil Erikson, chief seismologist. Now, look at this.

(The shadow appears, and both Mulder and Scully move closer to the monitor.)

MULDER: Whoa! What the hell is that?

PIERCE: We don't know. Whatever it was disabled the camera. The temperature readings are upwards of 130 degrees at this depth.

SCULLY: But that was alive.

MULDER: Why weren't you up there?

PIERCE: I left the project six weeks ago. Trepkos and I nearly came to blows.

SCULLY: Over what?

PIERCE: I wish I could explain. Daniel and I, uh ... I always played Salieri to his Mozart. I was never quite on his plane of intellect, but this time I found him slipping into madness, the way he began to control the others.

MULDER: Do you think he's responsible for what happened?

PIERCE: Whatever there is between me and Trepkos, I pray that he isn't. We've got 20 million tax dollars in this project. If word of it were to get out, it could destroy years of work. I'm afraid to go through proper channels.

MULDER: (smiling) We're not exactly proper channels.

SCULLY: How soon can we get up there?

PIERCE: Well, we've got a charter flight waiting to take us to Seattle. From there, a helicopter will fly us to Mount Avalon.

(Pierce turns back to the monitor to remove the video tape. Mulder is seated at his desk, while Scully sits on the edge of the desk.)

MULDER: (softly) Scully? I don't think it's a good idea for you to go.

SCULLY: Mulder, I appreciate your concern - but I'm ready. I want to work.

MULDER: Well, maybe you should take some time off.

SCULLY: I've already lost too much time.




SCENE 3
CASCADE MOUNTAIN RANGE
(Pierce, Mulder and Scully are flying in a helicopter to the project station. There is occasional radio traffic in the background. Pierce points to the mist-covered volcano.)

PIERCE: There it is!

(The helicopter continues over a ridge to a concrete building with a number of satellite dishes outside. They disembark from the helicopter, which then flies away. Pierce walks to a damaged dish.)

PIERCE: This was Firewalker's satellite relay. We installed field instruments all around this area - seismographs, tiltmeters ...

MULDER: We'll look around out here after we've checked inside.

PIERCE: These instruments are worth millions of project dollars, and I'm accountable to the USGS for every one of them.

SCULLY: Shouldn't we find the rest of the descent team first?

PIERCE: I just want to take a quick damage survey. I'll catch up with you in a few minutes.

(As he walks away, Scully sighs, expressing mild annoyance at Pierce's choice of priorities. She and Mulder then enter the building. They walk through an entrance area and down some steps into a dark area.)

MULDER: Hello?

(There is no answer. Mulder tries the light switch next to the door, but the lights remain off. They use flashlights to look through the first room. Scully finds some broken electrical components and ceramics on the floor. Mulder finds a desk and shelf with materials scattered about.)

MULDER: Looks like somebody wanted to put this operation permanently out of commission.

(Mulder walks through a set of double door into the next room, and a man with a mountaineering pick can be seen hiding within. Mulder looks around the room, which appears to be a laboratory. He finds numerous instruments as well as a contamination area. Suddenly the man emerges and takes a swing at Mulder with the pick. Mulder ducks and then tackles the man, pushing him back into a corner. Scully hears the commotion and enters, drawing her gun.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(Mulder now has the man in a half-nelson and runs him across the room and onto a desk.)

LUDWIG: Wait! Wait!

SCULLY: What's going on?

LUDWIG: Hey, this isn't what it looks like!

MULDER: He just about took my head off!

LUDWIG: I told you I made a mistake, OK? I'm sorry, all right?

(Mulder pushes him away.)

MULDER: Well, who the hell are you?

LUDWIG: I'm Ludwig. I'm Jason Ludwig. I'm the robotics engineer for the descent team.

MULDER: You always greet people this way?

LUDWIG: I heard a noise, OK, I thought it was him. I was just trying to protect myself. You know, self-preservation?

MULDER: Well, who did you think I was that you thought you had to protect yourself?

LUDWIG: Trepkos.

(Shortly after, the three are walking through another part of the base, down some stairs. As he talks, Ludwig opens the electrical box, throws the switch to turn on the electricity and the lights come on.)

LUDWIG: He ran hot and cold, you know? Sometimes he wouldn't talk to us for days, and then - boom - you couldn't get him to shut up. Don't get me wrong, OK? No one revered the man more than me. I mean, he was a prophet, an oracle. He saw things ... I mean, he saw things that you and me, we only dream about and then forget when we wake up.

(Ludwig walks over to a couple of rooms off the main area.)

LUDWIG: Oh, it's OK, you can come out now, the cavalry's here.

(A man and a younger woman slowly come out of the rooms. The man coughs. As he introduces them, Ludwig shows some mild disdain for the young woman.)

LUDWIG: This is Peter Tanaka, our systems analyst. And, uh, this is Jesse O'Neil.

O'NEIL: Are you the rescue team?

MULDER: No, we're with the FBI.

O'NEIL: The FBI? But you're taking us back, right?

MULDER: After we've investigated what happened here.

(As they talk, O'Neil appears stressed out, occasionally smiling or laughing nervously. Tanaka is very quiet and doesn't appear to be feeling well.)

LUDWIG: Trepkos is what happened here.

MULDER: Did he kill Erikson?

LUDWIG: He flipped out. Right after the descent, he just flipped out.

SCULLY: Can you think of anything that might have caused or contributed to his behavior?

LUDWIG: You're asking me?

O'NEIL: Daniel is sick. He had a bi-polar disorder, I think that's what it was. It wasn't a secret, but not something he advertised either. But with his medication, he was just fine.

(Mulder wanders into an adjacent office and turns on the light.)

LUDWIG: Yeah, well I think Erikson's wife might disagree with that.

(O'Neil glares at Ludwig.)

SCULLY: You're part of the team, Jesse?

O'NEIL: Daniel was my thesis adviser at the university. He asked me to assist him on this project.

MULDER: (coming out of the office with some papers) Are these his notes?

O'NEIL: Oh, yeah, well whatever is left of them. First thing he did was destroy all his own work - you know, his field journals, his computer disks. We salvaged what we could, but I don't really think you'll find much in there ... of use, anyway.

(Mulder looks through the papers and comes across a page with "NEW LIFE FORM" written and underlined on it.)

(Outside, Pierce is walking through a wooded area in the early evening. He hears a noise.)

PIERCE: Hello? Anyone there?

(There is no response.)

(Back in the building, Mulder motions Scully into a room where they talk in private.)

MULDER: Scully? What do you make of Mr. Trepkos' neighborhood?

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MULDER: Don't you think their behavior is a little bizarre, almost paranoid?

SCULLY: Well, considering what they've been through, not especially.

MULDER: They're practically climbing the walls in there.

SCULLY: Well, they've been living in the middle of nowhere for almost a year. One of their team members is dead, probably at the hands of another. You have to expect some heightened level of emotional distress.

MULDER: No, there's more than that ... something they're not telling us.

SCULLY: Based on what?

MULDER: Based on when Ludwig tried to play tee-ball with my head. He knew I wasn't Trepkos.

SCULLY: Now, Mulder, you're sounding paranoid.

MULDER: Pierce knows these people. Let's find out what he thinks.

SCULLY: OK.

(In the forest, Pierce inspects a seismograph sensor and makes notes in a book. As he stands, he is pushed against a tree by Trepkos, who has dark burn marks on his face. Trepkos slips some cables around his neck and strangles him.)

TREPKOS: No one can leave.

(Trepkos slips the gasping Pierce downward and then breaks his neck with a twisting motion.)




SCENE 4
(It is now dark outside. As Pierce's body lies on the ground, the sounds of a search team can be heard in the distance.)

VARIOUS: Pierce ... Pierce ... He's not here ... Pierce ... Can you hear me? ... Something's happened to him ... Pierce ... I'll check the landing site ...

(A flashlight beam catches Pierce.)

TANAKA: Oh, my God. (shouts) Get over here! He's over here! I found him! I found him! I found him!

(Later, the group is back in the station. Pierce's body is wrapped in plastic on the floor.)

SCULLY: That should do it.

LUDWIG: What should we do with the body?

SCULLY: Do you have a freezer?

LUDWIG: Yeah, I'll take it.

SCULLY: (to Mulder) Why don't you radio for the helicopter, I'm almost done here.

MULDER: (to Ludwig and Tanaka, who are lifting the body) Let me help you.

LUDWIG: That's OK, we got it.

(Ludwig and Tanaka carry the body out, leaving Mulder and Scully alone.)

MULDER: We can't leave, Scully. Not yet.

SCULLY: Why not?

MULDER: Trepkos is still out there.

SCULLY: I know. He killed Pierce and probably Erikson. I think we should come back for him with a larger party.

MULDER: I've been going over Trepkos' work, fragments mostly but I found several references to a subterranean organism.

SCULLY: What are you talking about?

MULDER: An unknown organism, existing within the volcano. I haven't found anything yet that describes it in specific terms but ...

(Mulder pulls a piece of paper from his pocket and sets it on a table.)

SCULLY: Mulder, nothing can live in a volcanic interior, not only because of the intense heat but the gases would be toxic to any organism.

MULDER: (motioning to the paper) What does this say?

SCULLY: (examining the paper) It describes the metabolism from hydrogen sulfide into silicon dioxide.

MULDER: Doesn't that suggest a silicon-based life form?

SCULLY: But the fundamental building block for every organism known to man is carbon, from the smallest bacterium to the largest redwood tree.

MULDER: Yes, but silicon is the closest element to carbon. It reacts almost identically with other elements, the way it combines to form complex molecules. A silicon-based lifeform in the deep biosphere has been one of the Holy Grails of modern science and maybe Trepkos found it.

SCULLY: Mulder, that is science fiction. It's, it's an elaborate construct from a delusional mind. This doesn't prove anything.

(Scully starts to walk away.)

MULDER: Trepkos said he had physical evidence. It's got to be around here somewhere.

(Scully stops and turns back to Mulder.)

SCULLY: Mulder, whatever evidence Trepkos had, he destroyed.

MULDER: Maybe it wasn't Trepkos who destroyed it. What if it was one of the others?

SCULLY: Why on earth would they do that? But, Mulder, the fact is that all of these people are suffering to varying degrees from post-traumatic stress, and from a strictly medical point of view, we have to get them out of here sooner rather than later.

(She walks away, leaving Mulder a bit annoyed.)

(Shortly after, O'Neil is in her room. She appears to be upset as Scully knocks on the door and enters. O'Neil is on the verge of tears throughout.)

SCULLY: Jesse? Can I talk to you? Are you OK?

O'NEIL: I hate this place.

SCULLY: What happened here, Jesse? You can trust me.

O'NEIL: After the first descent, Daniel changed. He became withdrawn and paranoid. He locked himself in the lab for three days and wouldn't let any of us in.

SCULLY: Do you think the descent somehow triggered his breakdown?

O'NEIL: Well, that's what I thought. And then ... (she walks over to a chest of drawers and removes some pills) ... I found out he stopped taking his pills.

(She hands the pills to Scully.)

SCULLY: Lithium carbonate.

O'NEIL: Yeah, he said that they were polluting his brain. And he said I was polluting his body. I'm scared. I don't want to die here.

SCULLY: What are you so afraid of, Jesse?

O'NEIL: Daniel. The only reason I even came here was because of him. He promised me that this would be an adventure ... and that it would change my life. But eight months is a long time, and I just want to go home now.

SCULLY: Where is home?

O'NEIL: Anywhere but here.

(Mulder has found some loose audio tape containing Trepkos's log recordings. He has improvised a take-up reel and is playing the loose tape on a recorder while listening on headphones.)

TREPKOS: (recorded) Samples 7, 12 and 22 also contain trace evidence of the organism. The possiblity of this new, or perhaps unfathomably old, life form has left me sleepless, wondering if I haven't lost all perspective ... if my intense desire to find the truth hasn't finally eclipsed the truth itself. Our meddling intellect misshapes the beauteous forms of things we murder to dissect. My mind is a tangled knot I can no longer untie. Daily I fight the urge to sever it completely, to stop this descent ... (the tape runs out)

(As Mulder continues to study his notes, there is an earth tremor. Mulder heads into the main control room to join Ludwig and Tanaka, who is sitting at a computer terminal. Tanaka is sweating profusely.)

MULDER: What caused that tremor?

TANAKA: (hoarsely) There's been a lot of seismic activity lately on the northeast rift zone.

LUDWIG: Yeah, if Trepkos hadn't destroyed all our instruments, we might even have learned something from it.

(Tanaka coughs.)

MULDER: (to Tanaka) You feeling all right?

TANAKA: Yeah.

MULDER: You know, Agent Scully is a medical doctor. You should let her take a look at you.

TANAKA: I'm fine.

MULDER: Why don't you just let her take a look ...

TANAKA: No.

(Tanaka stands and pushes Mulder away, but then collapses to the floor.)

MULDER: I'll go get Scully.

(As Mulder leaves, Ludwig goes to Tanaka's assistance. Ludwig watches Mulder leave, then helps Tanaka to his feet.)

LUDWIG: Come on, get up. She'll help you.

TANAKA: I don't want her to help me.

LUDWIG: Of course you do. It's for the best. We have to get out of here.

(Mulder and Scully are running back toward the control room.)

MULDER: He just collapsed after the tremor. He seems pretty bad.

(They enter. Ludwig has Tanaka laying on an examination table.)

LUDWIG: He's burning up.

MULDER: What is it?

SCULLY: I can't tell whether it's an infection or a toxic reaction, but we've got to get him to a hospital.

LUDWIG: I'll get a stretcher.

MULDER: What about Trepkos? We can't just leave him.

SCULLY: Give me the short wave.

(Mulder complies, while Ludwig returns with a stretcher. He and Mulder start to get Tanaka onto it.)

SCULLY: (to radio) This is Agent Scully with the Firewalker team. Come in, Search and Rescue.

MULDER: (to Ludwig) Got him?

LUDWIG: (to Mulder) Yeah.

SCULLY: (to Mulder and Ludwig) You guys go ahead. I'll get O'Neil and meet you at the landing site.

RADIO: This is Search and Rescue, over.

SCULLY: (to radio) Request dispatch of Med-Evac to our location immediately. We have an asian male, mid-thirties, spiking a high-grade fever.

(Mulder and Ludwig are carrying Tanaka on the stretcher through the entrance area. As they walk, Mulder notices bulges appearing on the front of Tanaka's throat.)

(Scully knocks on O'Neil's door and enters.)

SCULLY: Tanaka's collapsed. We're getting him out.

(Mulder and Ludwig come out the front door of the station. It has been raining outside and is still dark, although the area is well lit. As they walk away from the door, Tanaka suddenly twists and falls off the stretcher. He gets to his feet and starts to run away from Mulder and Ludwig, who give chase.)

MULDER: Tanaka!

LUDWIG: Peter! Peter, come on, get back here!

(Tanaka runs into the woods, pursued by Mulder and Ludwig. Tanaka reaches the edge of a small ravine and falls down into it. Mulder and Ludwig appear at the top of the ravine.)

LUDWIG: (pointing below) There!

(Mulder's flashlight finds Tanaka, who is gagging and writhing in pain at the bottom of the ravine.)

LUDWIG: Come on!

(Mulder grabs Ludwig by the arm and holds him back while watching Tanaka.)

MULDER: Don't go down there!

LUDWIG: Let me go! What are you doing? Let, let go of me!

MULDER: Don't go down there!

LUDWIG: For God's sake, what are you doing? He needs our help!

(As they watch from above, the bulge in the front of Tanaka's throat gets larger. There is a popping noise and a white powdery material is ejected from his throat. A plant-like spike pushes out, extending upward about six inches from his throat. Tanaka falls, dead.)




SCENE 5
(Inside the station, Tanaka's body is wrapped in plastic in an isolation area. Scully is at the microscope.)

MULDER: So what is it, Scully? What are we dealing with?

SCULLY: Without better imaging equipment, I can't say for sure.

MULDER: I'll take any theory you've got.

SCULLY: It appears to be some kind of a fungus.

MULDER: Anything you recognize?

SCULLY: Well, I'm not a botanist, but I think it's fair to guess that it's an unknown genus.

(She steps back and Mulder looks in the microscope.)

MULDER: What am I looking at here?

SCULLY: Spores. I scraped them off the tip of the fungus. It appears as if one of the spores grew inside of Tanaka until it reached reproductive maturity ... essentially outgrowing its host. But by then, it had already caused massive tissue damage, particularly to the respiratory tract.

MULDER: That would account for the sand in his lungs.

LUDWIG: You found sand in his lungs?

MULDER: Silicon dioxide, the waste product of a silicon-based organism.

LUDWIG: Wait a second, there's no such thing as a silicon-based organism.

SCULLY: Maybe now there is, but we won't have conclusive proof until we determine its molecular structure.

MULDER: Come on, Scully, how else do you explain the sand in his lungs - the best trace evidence we could ask for. Trepkos was right.

O'NEIL: Daniel knew about this?

MULDER: He discovered the spore in the samples Firewalker brought up.

O'NEIL: He would have told us.

MULDER: Not if what he discovered was too disturbing even for him to understand.

SCULLY: This might explain something else, though. The spore could explain Trepkos' dementia. Fungi often contain alkaloids that can affect the nervous system.

LUDWIG: Yeah, but what about us? I mean, we weren't exposed.

SCULLY: We don't know that. If it was an airborne microbe, any of us could have inhaled the spore.

O'NEIL: So we're not going home, right?

SCULLY: Not until we know how it's transmitted, how it incubates. If even one of us is infected, we could risk infecting a much larger population.

(Upset, O'Neil walks back down toward her room.)

MULDER: (to radio) Search and Rescue, this is Agent Mulder. Do you copy?

RADIO: Yeah, this is Search and Rescue. We're still in a holding pattern, over.

MULDER: (to radio) Please notify FBI District Headquarters in Spokane that our party is quarantining itself due to possible contagion. Have CDC set up an evacuation unit on high alert.

RADIO: What's the nature of the contagion? (Mulder looks to Scully but she offers no advice) Agent Mulder?

MULDER: (to radio) Tell them it's a biological agent ... of unknown origin.

RADIO: That's affirmative. Standing by ...

SCULLY: (to Ludwig) Maybe you should go check up on O'Neil.

(Ludwig heads toward the living quarters, leaving Mulder and Scully alone. Mulder stares at Tanaka's body as Scully moves to his side.)

MULDER: I'm going to go find Trepkos.

SCULLY: What if he's already dead?

MULDER: Then he'll have a tough time answering my questions. I've got to find out what he knows. What he's found could change everything we understand about the origin and evolution of life.

SCULLY: He's dangerous, Mulder. He's already killed two men.

MULDER: Then I have to find out why.

(Nearby, Ludwig has stopped and eavesdropped on their conversation. He now walks away.)

SCULLY: Will you at least let me go with you?

MULDER: (quickly, shaking his head) No.

SCULLY: Look, I know what you're thinking but you have to get past that. We both do. I'm back, and I'm not going anywhere.

MULDER: You have to finish the autopsy on Tanaka. Hopefully, that will give us a better idea of what we're dealing with, whatever it is. (Mulder moves closer and puts a hand on Scully's shoulder) I'm counting on you to keep us all from ending up on that slab.

(He leaves, and Scully starts to work again on Tanaka's body.)

(Mulder comes down the stairs to the living quarters area. As he approaches, Ludwig and O'Neil are engaged in a quiet conversation.)

LUDWIG: (quietly) Do like we said, OK.

O'NEIL: (quietly) Uh-huh. You know what to say, right?

MULDER: (to Ludwig) I could use a little help.

O'NEIL: Excuse me.

LUDWIG: So what do you need?

MULDER: Directions, contour map, USGS survey, anything that can help me get here.

(He hands Ludwig a pair of photos.)

LUDWIG: Oh. These are the steam caves. They feed into the Sherman Crater. That's how we access the caldera. How did you get these?

MULDER: Firewalker. They were transmitted right before Trepkos destroyed its camera.

LUDWIG: Oh. So you're finally going to go after Trepkos. Well, I tell you one thing. You won't find him with those. And you won't find him with any map either.

(Ludwig walks away and gets a beverage from the fridge.)

MULDER: Well, how will I find them?

LUDWIG: You won't. Not without a guide.

MULDER: (smiling distrustingly) A guide.

LUDWIG: Yeah, a guide. Look, I've been up here for almost a year. I spent months in those caves, charting every fissure, every crevice, so Firewalker wouldn't trip. If Trepkos is there, I can find him.

MULDER: Well, why are you so eager to help me find him?

LUDWIG: Oh, I'm, I'm not eager. I just don't feel like waiting around for Trepkos to do to me what he did to Pierce and Erikson. Plus you've got the gun. You're the only one who can get us out of this place.

(A short time later, Mulder and Ludwig are descending an incline that leads to the steam caves.)

MULDER: Whatever I'm smelling, is it toxic?

LUDWIG: Between the heat and the sulfur, it can get pretty nasty in here, but it won't hurt you. You'll get used to it.

MULDER: How far does the cave extend?

LUDWIG: About three quarters of a mile to the crater rim. Let's head in. It twists around quite a bit until you get there. Lots of dead ends and blind drops and unless you know where you're going, you're like a rat in a maze.

(They pause for a moment and Mulder turns away. Suddenly a flare comes from the path ahead and strikes Ludwig in the back. He falls to the ground. As Mulder kneels over him, Trepkos emerges from the cave, reloads his flare gun and points it at Mulder.)




SCENE 6
(In the cave, Trepkos still has the flare gun aimed at Mulder.)

TREPKOS: Your gun. (Mulder gives it to him) Back. Get back.

(Trepkos pours a flammable liquid over Ludwig's body.)

MULDER: Why are you doing this, Trepkos? He's already dead. How many times do you have to kill him?

(Mulder looks down and sees a large bulge moving around in Ludwig's neck. Trepkos prepares to set off another flare.)

TREPKOS: It's not him I'm trying to kill.

(He lights the flare and tosses it onto Ludwig's body, which bursts into flames.)

(Back at the base, Scully is working in the laboratory, with a test tube containing a reddish material heating over a burner. She picks up her tape recorder and dictates a log entry.)

SCULLY: (to recorder) I have attempted to culture the spore using temperatures ranging from human basal to those approximating the volcanic interior. I've used nutritive mediums, containing human tissue, blood and saliva, even sulfur. However, none of the seven trials have successfully grown the fungus that killed Tanaka. Based on this preliminary data, I've come to the following hypothesis: that unless these spores are ingested or inhaled by the host organism immediately upon their release, they become harmless ... effectively dead.

(Shortly afterward, Scully knocks on O'Neil's door.)

SCULLY: Jesse?

(There is no answer. She knocks again and tries the door but it is locked.)

O'NEIL: (from inside) What is it?

SCULLY: I thought you might like to know, chances are good that none of us were infected. We were at a safe distance from Tanaka when the spores scattered, and as soon as Mulder and Ludwig come back we can leave. I, I just need to run a few more tests but I think we're going to be OK.

(Inside, O'Neil is in front of a mirror, coughing. She sees that there is a bulge moving in the front of her throat and groans.)

SCULLY: OK, Jesse? Jesse?

(Mulder and Trepkos are at Firewalker.)

MULDER: What went wrong, Trepkos? Firewalker carried something back to the surface.

TREPKOS: Firewalker brought up an elephant. The truth is an elephant described by three blind men. The first man touches the tail and says it's a rope. The second man feels the rough leg and says it's a tree. The third man feels the trunk and says it's a snake.

MULDER: What about you? What do you say it is?

TREPKOS: I say the earth holds some truths best left buried.

MULDER: Like the spore?

TREPKOS: (staring at Mulder) Who are you?

MULDER: I'm Special Agent Mulder. I'm with the FBI.

TREPKOS: You don't look like a policeman.

MULDER: I came down here to investigate Erikson's death.

TREPKOS: That's not why you're here. You still believe you can petition heaven and get some penetrating answer. If you found that answer, what would you do with it?

MULDER: I just want to know what happened after the first descent. What did you find?

TREPKOS: It was porous. Obsidian. Erikson thought it was some sort of rock, so I told him to pulverize it for analysis.

MULDER: Erikson released the spore?

TREPKOS: He discovered a new life form. In a single moment, everything that science held sacred suddenly turned on its head.

MULDER: What about Erikson? If he was infected ...

TREPKOS: I was too immersed in the work to notice. I'd been alone in the lab for three days when I heard their screams. They were all gathered around him. By the time I realized what was happening, they were already changing. The spore grew in each of them until it became them.

MULDER: What do you mean?

TREPKOS: It's a parasite. It lives to find a host.

MULDER: But you weren't infected?

TREPKOS: No.

MULDER: You destroyed your work, the transmitting equipment, you killed Pierce so no one could leave.

TREPKOS: No one can leave.

MULDER: What about O'Neil?

TREPKOS: Jesse?

MULDER: Was she exposed to the spore?

TREPKOS: They were all exposed. All of them.

MULDER: I have a colleague - a friend - who's with O'Neil right now. Let me go to her.

TREPKOS: She may already be infected.

(Mulder starts to leave but Trepkos aims the gun at Mulder and cocks the hammer.)

TREPKOS: I can't let you leave.

MULDER: Then you're going to have to shoot me. Because I'm walking out of here.

(At the station, Scully continues to work at the microscope. The lights suddenly go out. Scully grabs a flashlight and starts toward the living quarters.)

SCULLY: Jesse?

(There is no answer. Scully goes to the electrical switchbox and checks the switches but the problem is not there. As she closes the door to the switchbox, O'Neil appears, startling Scully.)

SCULLY: Oh! God, you scared me! Jesse? Are you OK? Jesse, what's wrong? Jesse?

(O'Neil appears to be in pain. She pushes Scully toward a table and slips a handcuff around Scully's wrist, handcuffing the two together.)

SCULLY: Jesse, what are you doing?

(Scully looks up and sees a large bulge forming in O'Neil's throat.

(Outside, Mulder is running through the woods.)

(In the station, Scully pulls O'Neil back into the lab. She puts their wrists onto the table and grabs the mountaineering pick. She strikes at the chain repeatedly in an unsuccessful effort to sever it.)

(Outside, Mulder emerges from the woods and is in sight of the station.)

(Inside, Scully hasn't been able to break the chain, and she sees that the bulge in O'Neil's throat is getting larger. She throws O'Neil over her shoulder and heads into the next room. She puts O'Neil into a plexiglass contaminated sample chamber, closes the door against the chain and leans on the door from the outside to keep it shut. O'Neil rises and tries to break through the plexiglass but cannot. She falls back into the room and the spike erupts, ejecting the spores against the inside of the plexiglass while Scully is safe outside. Scully sinks to the floor and tries to catch her breath as Mulder is heard entering the station.)

MULDER: (in the distance) Scully!

(He bursts into the laboratory.)

MULDER: Scully!

SCULLY: I'm OK, I'm OK.

(Mulder comes to her side. Scully sighs heavily, and Mulder gently puts his hand to the side of her neck.)

MULDER: Are you all right?

SCULLY: I'm OK.

(She looks up at the handcuffs. Mulder uses his key to unlock it, freeing her arm. Mulder gives her a "sure you're OK?" look.)

SCULLY: Yeah.

(Mulder helps her up and they look at O'Neil's body through the plexiglass.)

SCULLY: Look. She was infected. I don't know how.

MULDER: Erikson was the original host. When the fungus shed its spores, everyone was at ground zero except for Trepkos.

SCULLY: Did you find him?

(Trepkos enters the lab, still carrying the gun, which he sets aside. He sinks to his knees at the chamber door, staring at O'Neil's body through the plexiglass.)

TREPKOS: I told her it would change her life.

MULDER: (to radio) Search and Rescue, this is Agent Mulder. Do you copy?

RADIO: This is Army Biohazard. How many are in your party?

(Mulder looks toward Trepkos, who returns the stare.)

MULDER: (to radio) We have two survivors, Agent Scully and myself.

RADIO: Copy that. Our ETA is seven minutes.

SCULLY: Mulder, what are you doing? They're going to want to question him.

MULDER: It's all over, Scully. He won't talk.

(Later, the Army Biohazard crew is decontaminating the station and also putting notebooks and other records into biohazard containers.)

MULDER: (voice-over) Scully and I are in the third day of a month-long quarantine, undergoing level 4 decon procedures. We are so far without symptoms of fungal contamination. All our specimens and field notes were confiscated by the military biohazard corps prior to our evacuation. Their presence has delayed for an indefinite period the arrival of the USGS data retrieval team. I suspect, though, that there will be little left for them to retrieve. There are no plans at present to explore further any of the hundreds of volcanically active mountains in the Cascade Range, including Mount Avalon. All access points to that volcano have been sealed off by army engineers.

(Trepkos is carrying O'Neil's body down the entrance incline into the steam caves and then to the Firewalker area.)

MULDER: (voice-over, continued) Of the members of the Firewalker descent team, only Trepkos and O'Neil remain unaccounted for. They are presumed dead, and the search for them has been abandoned. Firewalker, however, was recovered, though its sensory and locomotive systems were found to be irreparably damaged. The data it collected from the earth's interior will never be known. And of the events that occurred at Mount Avalon between the 11th and 13th of November, 1994, mine stands as the only record.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
J.A.S.D. BEEF
DELTA GLEN, WI
(Cattle file into their pen as workers cross-cut and package meat in the plant. Two horns go off. A man starts walking out.)

MAN: 7:30. See you tomorrow, Beth.

BETH KANE: Okay. See you tomorrow.




SCENE 2
BETH KANE'S HOUSE
(Beth's son Gary lays on the couch, watching a TV show. On the TV, police stand on a porch as two black men are led out, both with their faces scrambled out. Her younger son, Stevie, sits on the floor in front of the TV. Beth walks in.)

MAN ON TV: Got information on a crackhouse... this is some pretty direct information... came from an informant who made the buy.

BETH KANE: I'm home!

(She looks at her younger son. On the TV, the police shout to each other as they surround a house.)

STEVIE KANE: Hi, Mom.

(She rubs his head.)

GARY KANE: Hey.

BETH KANE: "Hey?" All I get is "hey?"

GARY KANE: Hey, Mom.

(She smiles and walks into the bathroom.)

BETH KANE: I'm going to take a quick shower. You guys interested in getting a pizza delivered?

(Gary grunts. Beth laughs.)

If that was a "yes," you can call the order in and no pepperoni for me.

(She closes the door, sighs and starts to take her shirt off. From behind the mirror, a man wearing glasses watches through a peephole, breathing heavily. In the main room, the phone rings and Gary picks it up.)

GARY KANE: Hello? Oh, yeah. Sure.

(He hangs up and grabs his brother's nose with two fingers.)

STEVIE KANE: Ow!

GARY KANE: Tell Mom I'll be back in five minutes, okay, buttcrumb?

(Stevie nods and rubs his nose. Later. The time is 11:55. Beth is on the phone. Stevie lays his head on her lap.)

BETH KANE: He said he was only going to be gone five minutes and that was over four hours ago. Yes? No, I don't know who called him. The last person to see him? His younger brother.




SCENE 3
DELTA GLEN, WI
(Morning. Gary runs through the forest in his underwear, whimpering and cowering behind trees. Two sheriffs are driving down the road when one sees Gary runs out into the street.)

SHERIFF #1: Whoa whoa whoa!

(They stop and get out, walking towards him.)

SHERIFF #2: Gary? Gary Kane?

(Gary can do nothing but whimper.)

Go get him a blanket.

(The other sheriff goes to get him one. The first grabs hold of Gary gently by the shoulders.)

It's going to be okay, son. Hey, we're here to help you!

(Gary breaks free and starts to walk away, his feet shuffling. As he turns around, the sheriff sees three words written on his back. "He is One.")

Oh my God.




SCENE 4
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder shows Scully a slide of Gary's back with the words clearly written on it.)

MULDER: Gary Kane, 16 years old, High School Junior. "C" student, first-string varsity football, member of the local 4-H club. Not one of Wisconsin's more remarkable kids but still the apple of his mother's eye.

SCULLY: What does that mean?

MULDER: Nobody knows.

SCULLY: What does the police report say?

(Scully walks over to Mulder and sits on the desk next to him as he shows her the file.)

MULDER: The victim received a phone call and left his home. He was discovered in the woods in his underwear twelve hours later. He's been unable to give a coherent statement.

SCULLY: Any evidence of sexual assault?

MULDER: No.

SCULLY: Does it seem like it might have been a schoolboy prank?

MULDER: The other victims have had to be sedated and hospitalized since their ordeals.
They were reportedly hysterical with fear.

(He stands up.)

SCULLY: Victims? You mean there've been others?

(Mulder nods and switches the slide to another person with the same writing.)

MULDER: One in eastern Wisconsin, one three towns away.

(He flips to another slide, then another.)

Both with the same black words written in black magic marker.

SCULLY: What's your interest in this?

MULDER: The local sheriff in Delta Glen, Wisconsin thinks he knows what's been happening to these kids.

SCULLY: What's that?

MULDER: He thinks they've been possessed.




SCENE 5
DELTA GLEN, WISCONSIN
(Mulder, Scully and Sheriff Mazeroski drive down a road in the sheriff's car. Mulder is in the back seat.)

MAZEROSKI: There's something I think you ought to see first. They call themselves the Church of the Red Museum. They're followers of a guy named Odin that moved out here from California three years ago and bought a ranch.

SCULLY: What's the significance of the name "Red Museum?"

MAZEROSKI: Well, Odin and the rest of them are a bunch of vegetarians. They drove the ranch right into the ground, turned 500 head of beef cattle into pets. Calls it a monument to barbarism.

MULDER: Probably went over big with the local ranchers.

(Mazeroski laughs.)

MAZEROSKI: Well, you gotta admit, it takes some big ones to set down in the middle of cow country and start a church like his.




SCENE 6
CHURCH OF THE RED MUSEUM
DELTA GLEN, WISCONSIN
(They pull up to the church as three worshippers walk by and towards a barn. They are dressed in white except for a red turban. Mulder, Scully and Mazeroski get out of the car and watch them. Mulder takes out an umbrella and holds it over his and Scully's head.)

MAZEROSKI: Kinda stick out like a sore thumb, don't they?

SCULLY: You know sheriff, from what little we've seen, what, what little you've told us, they seem rather unlikely to be involved in the kind of activities that you described.

MAZEROSKI: Well, I, I won't say another word. You can just see for yourself.

(They walk into the barn and stand in the back. In front of them is a whole congregation of fifty or so people, with a giant viewscreen in the front of the room. A man gets up onto the platform in front, puts his hand together and bows lightly.)

CONGREGATION: Ommm...

MAZEROSKI: That's Odin.

(Odin sits down at a computer and starts typing rapidly. A woman in back of him reads off the screen into a microphone as the words come up on the screen in back of her.)

WOMAN: Today is a blessing from our lord and master, who awaits his flock in this time, the dawning of the Age of Aquarius. Eighteen earth years from the beginning of the new kingdom. The guides speak through me today as messengers of word that we may be free from death and the passage into spirit. As the acceleration continues, we, the enlightened, must bring our teachings of the skills for survival to mankind. Repeat in prayer...

MULDER: They're walk-ins.

SCULLY: What are walk-ins?

WOMAN: We, the second souls of the first bodies...

CONGREGATION: We, the second souls of the first bodies...

WOMAN: Bearers of the word and keepers of the sacraments of a new enlightenment...

MULDER: They're believers in soul transference, enlightened spirits who have taken possession of other peoples bodies.

CONGREGATION: Bearers of the word and keepers of the sacraments of a new enlightenment...

WOMAN: Blessed mission and toil.

CONGREGATION: Blessed mission and toil.

WOMAN: Our struggle is transcendent, and your guidance, our guides...

CONGREGATION: Our struggle is transcendent, and your guidance, our guides...

(Odin finishes typing and looks to the back of the room at the three visitors.)

WOMAN: ...will carry us toward the dawning of a new age.

CONGREGATION: ...will carry us toward the dawning of a new age.

(Odin starts typing again.)

WOMAN: Today, we bear witness to three who do not believe.

(The congregation, one by one, slowly turn and look back at the agents.)

We encourage them to open their hearts and minds to our teachings that they who slaughter the flesh slaughter their own souls and must be taught the way.

(Mulder looks at Mazeroski.)




SCENE 7
BETH KANE'S HOUSE
(Gary and Beth are sitting down. Mazeroski is as well, but Mulder and Scully are standing.)

GARY KANE: I only remember parts of it.

MULDER: Which parts are those?

GARY KANE: I was in the woods and... I felt... a spirit enter me.

(Mulder walks over and sits down next to him.)

MULDER: When you say spirit, Gary, I'm not sure what you mean.

GARY KANE: It... it might have been an animal spirit. I can't explain it. Something... just came over me.

MULDER: And you don't remember who called you?

(Gary shakes his head no. Scully, standing in the doorway, looks back down the hallway.)

Anything at all about what happened immediately after you left home that night?

(Scully walks down the hallway, looking at various pictures.)

Have you ever had any dealings with anyone from the Church of the Red Museum?

GARY KANE: I've seen them around.

MULDER: Do you have any reason to believe that they may be involved with what happened to you?

(The pictures are of Beth, Gary, Stevie and the whole family.)

MAZEROSKI: Now tell him what you told me, Gary.

(Gary talks in the background. Stevie walks up to Scully.)

SCULLY: Hi.

STEVIE KANE: Hi.

SCULLY: Who are you?

STEVIE KANE: Stevie.

SCULLY: Oh, you're in all the pictures. You must be Gary's younger brother.

(Stevie nods.)

I'm Dana. Stevie... do you remember who your brother might have gone out to see the other night?

(Stevie shakes his head "no.")

Did he say anything?

(Through the peephole in the bathroom mirror, the man watches Scully. Scully hears footsteps in that direction and looks towards the mirror, but does not see anything. The man is gone from behind it. Mulder walks up to Scully.)

MULDER: Scully, we'll meet you outside.

(He and Mazeroski leave. Scully turns back to Stevie.)

SCULLY: Well, thank you for your time.

(Mulder and Mazeroski start down the front steps.)

MULDER: Has this boy ever been in any trouble?

MAZEROSKI: Gary?

MULDER: Yeah.

MAZEROSKI: No, I've known him since he was a kid. Same age as my son. Now, he's done some beer drinking, but he's just your basic sixteen-year-old. Least he was.

MULDER: You see a noticeable difference in him?

MAZEROSKI: Yeah, yeah. Gary Kane lived for football. He's a damn good athlete too. Now he won't even suit up.

MULDER: The Red Museum... how are they treated by the local citizens?

(Scully walks over.)

MAZEROSKI: Nobody much cares for them.

MULDER: Well, are they ever singled out? Shop owners refusing to sell to them, stuff like that?

MAZEROSKI: Well, there's a reasonable amount of tension but most folks are happy to just try to avoid them.

MULDER: Uh, can you recommend a good motel in the area?

MAZEROSKI: Sure. That means you're going to stay on for a bit. You think there might be something to this?

MULDER: Well, I, I want to run a background check on the church and this guy

MAZEROSKI: You've come to the right place for that.




SCENE 8
CLAY'S BBQ
(Scully sits with plates upon plates of food in front of her. She has a bib with the store logo on it, and it is covered with sauce. She finishes off a rib and puts down the bone, leaving some more sauce on her cheek by her lip. Mulder is sitting across from her with a bib on as well.)

SCULLY: You know, Mulder... ribs like these, I'd say the Church of the Red Museum has its work cut out for it.

(He wipes off the sauce on her face.)

Thanks.

So, you started to tell me about walk-ins but I'm not sure if I grasped the finer points.

MULDER: Well, it, it's kind of a new age religion based on an old idea. That if you, uh, lose hope or despair and want to leave this mortal coil, you become open and vulnerable.

SCULLY: To inhabitation by a new spirit.

MULDER: A new enlightened spirit. According to the literature, Abe Lincoln was a walk-in. And Mikhail Gorbachev and Charles Colson, Nixon's advisor.

SCULLY: But not Nixon?

MULDER: No. Not even they want to claim Nixon.

SCULLY: So are you still subscribing to the sheriff's claims of a possession?

MULDER: I don't know. In the absence of any other plausible explanation... it's a novel theory.

SCULLY: Well, I'll tell you something, I kind of feel weird saying this...

(Mulder looks out the window and sees a congregant of the Red Museum walking by to hollering and screaming.)

...but I got the creeps in that apartment today.

MULDER: Really?

TEENAGER: Hey, you tofu-eating towelhead!

(A car honks at the boy.)

SCULLY: Yeah, what, what's going on?

(The truck makes a U-turn and the boy in the passenger seat yells at the churchgoer.)

TEENAGER: Hey, veggieburger, who let you out!

(Mulder gets up.)

MULDER: I think the sperm posse just rode into town.

(The teenagers get out of the car and go to the boy, who stops and looks at him.)

RICK MAZEROSKI: Hey, diaperhead! We're talking to you. How's your pet cow?

TEENAGER: Did you get any milk out of him?

RICK MAZEROSKI: We're talking to you, Aladdin.

(He pushes him into the other teenager that is heckling, who pushes him back into Rick.)

What's the matter, diaperhead?

(He pushes him back to the other kid, who pushes him again.)

Huh? Huh?

RED MUSEUM TEENAGER: Nothing.

MULDER: Hey, leave him alone!

(They all turn to see Mulder coming towards them.)

Leave him alone.

(He looks at the Red Museum member.)

Go home. Go ahead, go home.

(The teenager silently turns and walks away.)

TEENAGER: Catch you later, Red.

MULDER: You got a problem?

KATIE: Yeah, but who asked you?

MULDER: I see four against one. I got a problem.

(Scully starts towards the group.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

RICK MAZEROSKI: Yeah, well, why don't you run along with the little wife? You're going to miss the tour bus.

(As Scully puts on her coat, Katie sees that Scully has a gun.)

FEMALE TEENAGER: She's got a gun.

RICK MAZEROSKI: Well, what's she going to do, shoot us? Go call my dad, Katie, I think he'd like to hear about this.

MULDER: Who's your dad?

RICK MAZEROSKI: He's the sheriff.

(Mulder looks at Scully.)

MULDER: Yeah, I think he would like to hear about this.

TEENAGER: Come on, let's just get out of here, Rick.

(Rick glares at Mulder, then walks past him, shoving into him as he does. The rest follow.)

SCULLY: Kind of hard to tell the villains without a scorecard.




SCENE 9
KATIE'S HOUSE
(Rick gets out of the driver's side and Katie walks around to him. The radio blares as he grabs her and french kisses her for quite a while. She smiles and he gets in his car. They wave to each other as he drives away. Katie starts towards her house and hears some whimpering. She looks over to the garbage cans and sees her dog.)

KATIE: Pupperdog? Is that you? Pupperdog?

(She starts petting the dog.)

What are you doing here, huh, girl?

(A man reaches out and grabs her, holding a cloth over her mouth. He drags her away, kicking and screaming. In the morning, Katie is sobbing. She is down to her bra and underwear. Every little noise makes her whimper even more. She leans up against a tree and looks up. She looks back at the ravens in an old tree. In her mind, the tree changes into a giant raven and starts pecking at her. She cries in horror and falls to the ground. Then she sees thousands of cockroaches crawling over her arms. She tries to brush them off, but to no avail.)

Get off me. Get off me! Help me! Please, somebody, help me! Help me! Please!

(On her back, the words "She is One" are written.)




SCENE 10
MOTOR LODGE REGISTRATION
(Mulder is on the phone writing something down, sitting on the bed.)

MULDER: Yeah, Eddie, this is all good stuff. Yeah, see what else you can find on him from the N.C.I.C. and call me back. At, at this number or on my cellular.

(Scully walks in. He hangs up.)

SCULLY: I just examined the girl.

MULDER: What'd you find?

(Scully sits down.)

SCULLY: Not much until the toxicology report came back. They found trace amounts of an unspecified alkaloid substance in her blood, possibly an opiate derivative, as well as a dangerously large quantity of something called scopolamine.

MULDER: Is that the stuff they use for motion sickness?

SCULLY: Well, only in very small doses. Anything past .2 micrograms and you've got a very powerful anesthetic with hallucinogenic qualities. It's been in the news lately because Colombian gangs have been using it in kidnappings to subdue their victims.

MULDER: Is it a controlled substance?

SCULLY: Yes, you'd probably have to be a doctor or a pharmacist to get hold of these quantities.

(He hands her his notepad and walks over to the table, picking up his gun and other things.)

"Richard Odin. Also known as Doug Herman. Left A.M.A. in 1986 over questionable ethics inquiry. Did not renew license."

(Mulder puts on his coat.)

MULDER: I'll drive.

(They walk out.)




SCENE 11
RICHARD ODIN'S HOUSE
(Mulder and Scully pull up. Mulder knocks on the door. The woman reading the words opens it. They show her his badge.)

MULDER: I'm Special Agent Fox Mulder. We're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We'd like to speak to Richard Odin. Is he in?

WOMAN: Just a moment.

(Odin walks up the door.)

MULDER: Richard Odin?

ODIN: Yes.

MULDER: We'd like to ask you some questions. May we come inside?

(He tries to steps in, but Odin holds up his hand.)

ODIN: I'm sorry. I can't allow you in this house.

SCULLY: We can get a warrant if that's what it takes.

ODIN: You can get a warrant if you'd like, but you will not enter this building.

MULDER: Well, how's that?

ODIN: Because you're meat-eaters. The building that houses our kitchens cannot be desecrated by your presence. I believe I'm well within my religious rights to prevent it.

SCULLY: Yes, sir, but you can't hide behind your rights if a crime has been committed.

ODIN: Have I been accused of a crime?

(A loud moaning starts behind them. The agents turn around to see the congregation of the Red Museum, all surrounding their car, looking at them and chanting.)

CONGREGATION: Ommm...

MULDER: We can always determine that elsewhere. Can you step outside, please, sir?

(Odin looks at him.)

Can you step outside, Mr. Odin? We're placing you under arrest.




SCENE 12
GRAHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S STATION
(Odin is sitting in a seat at a table. Scully sits across from him, Mulder and Mazeroski are standing.)

SCULLY: Are you familiar with a substance called scopolamine, Mister Odin?

ODIN: Are you familiar with bovine growth hormones and inhumane treatment of beef and dairy cow...

MULDER: Just answer the question, Mister Odin.

ODIN: Yes, I know it. But I've never prescribed it or administered it.

SCULLY: Have you ever ordered others to do so?

ODIN: No.

MULDER: Do your religious beliefs preclude you from exacting revenge, either physically or psychically, on those who might not share them?

ODIN: The barbarians will one day be cleansed from the earth...

(Mazeroski starts towards him.)

MAZEROSKI: Answer the question! You did it, didn't you? You did something to those kids!

(Mulder grabs him by the arm and leads him out.)

MULDER: Sheriff...I've already had to go through this once with your kid. Can you just take a walk?

DEPUTY OUTSIDE: Hey, sheriff, can you come here for a second?

(Mulder closes the door.)

MULDER: You know, for a holy man, you've got quite a knack for pissing people off.

(Mazeroski comes in.)

MAZEROSKI: We got problems down the street.

(Outside, a congregation of people stand in the middle of the road outside Clay's BBQ. People are yelling at them.)

WOMAN: Keep your mind open to the wisdom of the guide.

MAN #1: We don't care about the wisdom of the guides!

WOMAN: All we ask is that you listen and...

MAN #2: Woo!

(The woman's talking is drowned out by the townspeople's heckling. Mulder, Scully and Mazeroski are walking towards the scene. Rick and his buddy drive up and get out.)

TEENAGER: All right, man, let's do it!

WOMAN: ...before it is too late. End the slaughter. The rights of the just must be protected.

MAN #1: Please!

WOMAN: Just as the barbarism against nature must cease. Violence against nature begets violence against man.

RICK MAZEROSKI: How about a little cow blood?

(Rick splashes the woman with a bucket of cow's blood. The congregants moan and gasp as the townspeople clap and cheer. Rick's father grabs him by the shoulder.)

MAZEROSKI: What do you think you're doing? Get out of here, get going. Get!

(He pushes Rick away from the scene. The townspeople continue to moan and groan. Scully looks at an old man in a red truck, who motions for her to get in. Scully looks back at Mulder, then walks to the car.)

OLD MAN: You the F.B.I. agents?

SCULLY: Yes.

OLD MAN: There's something I'd like to show you.

(Scully looks back at Mulder, who is watching her. They speed down the road in silence.)




SCENE 13
CATTLE FARM
(They reach their destination and get out. They walk over to the fence as cows moo.)

OLD MAN: This pastureland belonged to my granddad. He bought it in 1890. Yeah, he died right over there, next to that cattle pen. Eighty-two years old. Just fell off the tractor one morning. My dad worked this piece for the next forty years. I put in twenty-five myself before I decided to call it quits. Sold it for eighty times what my granddad paid.

(He chuckles.)

SCULLY: Why did you sell it?

OLD MAN: Ah... business changed. People changed too.

MULDER: In what way?

OLD MAN: Competition. Used to get by with fifty milk cows. Now, you got to have five hundred. Used to turn them out to pasture, now you keep them in pens and grain feed them.

SCULLY: You said you wanted to show us something.

OLD MAN: You're looking at it.

(He points to two men tending to the cows.)

See those men over there? Well, they're injecting the cattle with something called B.S.T. Bovine somatotrophin.

SCULLY: A genetically-engineered growth hormone.

OLD MAN: Yeah, shoot them up and the cow will produce ten percent more milk. Feed it to beef cattle, more meat on the hoof. Changed the business. Changed a whole lot of things.

SCULLY: How do you mean?

OLD MAN: Well, that, uh, fracas in town this afternoon. Ten, even five years ago, never would have happened. People around here have changed... gotten mean... spiteful... dog-eat-dog. We had seven rapes here last year by high school boys. Well, that, um... this, this business of the kids being found in the woods... well, I think that you're going to find it all comes from the same root source.

MULDER: The growth hormone.

OLD MAN: Yes, sir.

SCULLY: But these hormones have been proven safe. They've been cleared by the F.D.A.

OLD MAN: Says who? The government? God...

(He walks back to his truck.)

MAN: Yeah, that's good.

(Mulder and Scully look at each other, then follow. One of the men hands the other a needle, then turns back. His name is Gerd Thomas, and he is the man that has been looking through the peepholes.




SCENE 14
PLANE
(At night, an airplane flies over the farm. Sitting next to the pilot is a doctor carrying a Halliburton briefcase.)

PILOT: I don't know, doc. I'm losing oil pressure like crazy. I don't know what's going on!

LARSON: How far are we from the airport?

PILOT: We're not going to make it. I'll have to find someplace to put it down.

(The pilot looks out the window as the engine sputters. The plane is quickly approaching the trees.)

LARSON: Look out!

(The plane nose-dives into the clearing just before the trees. The ensuing explosion is tremendous.)




SCENE 15
CRASH SITE
(In the morning, firemen, deputies and sheriffs survey the wreckage, some talking to one another. Two men wrap up the bodies as Mulder, Scully and Mazeroski walk over.)

MAZEROSKI: We're still trying to I.D. the pilot.

SCULLY: What about the second body?

MAZEROSKI: That's Doctor Jerrold Larson.

MULDER: Did you know him?

MAZEROSKI: Yeah. He delivered my kid. Something else over here I want you to see.

(He leads them over to the briefcase, which is cracked open. Mulder lifts it open with his pen and sees that it is half-filled with money and half-filled with vials, some broken.)

SCULLY: Thank you.

MULDER: Looks like the doctor may have been delivering more than babies.

MAZEROSKI: That's why I brought you out here.

(Scully takes a pouch out from the briefcase and unzips it, holding a rubber glove. She takes out a vial out and smells it. Mulder stands.)

MULDER: Any clue what this is about?

MAZEROSKI: I have no idea. Jerry Larson was a pillar in this community. He was the last of the country doctors.

MULDER: Well, wherever he was coming from, I'd say that was one hell of a house call.

MAZEROSKI: You don't think this has anything to do with what happened to those kids?

(Scully holds up the vial.)

SCULLY: I think we'll know more once we find out what this is.




SCENE 16
MOTOR LODGE REGISTRATION
(Scully is on the phone.)

SCULLY: You're sure? Both kids? No, it's okay, I'm... I'm sure you're correct. Thank you very much.

(She hangs up as Mulder walks in.)

MULDER: Scully? You're not going to believe this.

(He closes the door. Scully stands.)

SCULLY: You found a connection between the out-of-town kids and the kids abducted here. Every one of them was delivered and treated through childhood by Doctor Larson.

MULDER: Yeah, the print-outs we found in the briefcase were mostly shipping orders along with a list of credit card numbers, each number corresponding to a card in the victim's family.

SCULLY: Why would he carry a list of credit card numbers?

MULDER: I don't know. Maybe to track them the way credit card companies track stolen cards?

SCULLY: But why? And what was he treating them for?

(Mulder sits.)

MULDER: What was he treating them with?

SCULLY: I don't know. We won't get the test results back on the vial until tomorrow. Are you thinking it might be bovine growth hormone?

MULDER: I know that was the first thing through both of our minds, Scully, but it just doesn't track. Not with that briefcase full of cash.

SCULLY: I know. And it still doesn't answer the question of who's marking those kids... or why.




SCENE 17
CATTLE FARM
(Some congregants of the Red Museum walk through the pasture and the man who was handed the needle before opens up the gate.)

MAN: Go on. Away we go.

(He pats the cow on the back, who moos and walks out. The man takes off his gloves and puts his needles away. The peephole man, Gerd Thomas, puts something in the back of his truck.)

GERD THOMAS: So, I'll see you in the morning?

MAN: Yeah. 8:30 sharp.

(He closes up his box and watches Thomas drive off. Thomas stops and watches a man drive by him in a blue car. He looks back and keeps going. The man in the blue car gets out. It is the Crew-Cut Man.)

Howdy.

(The Crew-Cut Man shoots him and goes back to his car.)




SCENE 18
BETH KANE'S HOUSE
(Beth is taking out the garbage when Mulder and Scully pulls up.)

SCULLY: Hi. Sorry to come unannounced.

BETH KANE: Gary's not home right now.

SCULLY: Actually, we wanted to talk with you, if that's okay.

(Inside, they are sitting down except for Mulder.)

BETH KANE: I don't know what to say. You think Doctor Larson was doing some kind of tests on Gary?

SCULLY: Well, thinking back, was there anything that seemed strange to you? Was Gary sick often?

BETH KANE: No. Actually, Gary's never been sick a day in his life.

MULDER: Gary was never sick.

BETH KANE: No.

SCULLY: Why was he going to Doctor Larson?

BETH KANE: Doctor Larson gave him vitamin shots. He gave them to a lot of kids. He said it was like treating their teeth with fluoride... as a preventative measure.

MULDER: Did you ever take Gary to another doctor?

BETH KANE: No. Jay had wanted to.

SCULLY: Jay's your husband?

BETH KANE: Yes. He was concerned that Gary wasn't growing. Jay was six-five. He wanted Gary to play college ball.

(Mulder looks into the bathroom.)

But then there was Jay's accident.

SCULLY: What accident?

(Mulder notices the pinhole in the mirror.)

BETH KANE: It was seven years ago. He worked at the packing plant. He had an accident with one of the machines.

(They look away.)

MULDER: Excuse me? What is this?

(They walk into the bathroom. Mulder holds up his hand and the light from the pinhole shines on it.)

BETH KANE: What?

MULDER: This light here.

BETH KANE: I don't know.

(Mulder turns on the lights and looks at the peephole.)

MULDER: There's something back there.

(Mulder punches through the window with a towel wrapped around his hand. He looks in and see a video camera with thousands of videotapes.)

SCULLY: What is it, Mulder?

MULDER: Looks like somebody's private little movie studio.

SCULLY: What?

(They all look in.)

BETH KANE: Oh my God.




SCENE 19
DELTA GLEN
(Rick and his friend are getting drunk, sitting in their car in a clearing. Somebody is sneaking through the woods.)

TEENAGER: I got to drain the lizard.

(He looks at Rick, waiting for a response.)

RICK MAZEROSKI: What do you want, applause, man?

(They laugh and the teenager gets out of the car. After, the teen finishes, zips his fly and starts back to the car. Rick takes a sip of his beer when the man, Gerd Thomas holds a cloth over his mouth. When the teenager reaches the car, it is empty. Rick's side of the door is open.)

TEENAGER: Rick? Rick?

(Morning. The sheriff deputies are standing over Rick's body and Rick's friend is off to the side. Sheriff Mazeroski pulls up and gets out. One of the deputies walks over to him.)

DEPUTY: Sheriff? We're going to find who did this to him...

(Mazeroski walks by him.)

MAZEROSKI: Get away from him. Get back.

(Rick is face-down on the ground, the words "He is One" written on his lower back like the others.)

Oh my God... Ricky! Son...

(He turns him over and sees his eyes are open and cold. He lifts up his head.)

No. No, no!

(A short while away, the Crew-Cut Man walks out of the woods and over to his car. He throws his gun in the trunk, slams it shut, and goes to his door. Scully and Mulder are driving down a road. Scully is looking at a folder with a picture of Thomas.)

SCULLY: His name is Gerd Thomas. He's owned the building for twenty-one years. He used to run a day-care center out of it. They're holding him for us.

(The Crew-Cut Man pulls up to the road. They pass him as he makes a right turn. Scully looks at his face as he drives by.)

MULDER: What is it?

SCULLY: I know that face.

MULDER: What?




SCENE 20
GRAHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S STATION
(An officer sits Thomas down in a chair and walks out. Mulder closes the door. Scully sits down.)

MULDER: That's quite a video library you've compiled for yourself. I especially like the ones with the little boys.

(Thomas speaks in a breathy, low, quiet voice.)

GERD THOMAS: I know. I'm... a sick man.

(Mulder sits down across the table.)

MULDER: No. No, men who know they're sick try to get help. You just kept right at it for years.

GERD THOMAS: I didn't mean to hurt anyone.

MULDER: Did you kidnap those kids?

GERD THOMAS: Yes.

MULDER: Are you prepared to confess to those crimes?

GERD THOMAS: Yes.

MULDER: And to the murders of Rick Mazeroski and...

GERD THOMAS: No. I never murdered anybody.

(Mulder opens up a folder and takes some pictures out. He stands and walks around Thomas.)

MULDER: Did you kidnap Rick Mazeroski?

(He puts two pictures down in front of Thomas: a close-up of the words "He is One" and a picture of Rick's dead body.)

Did you write this on his back?

GERD THOMAS: Oh my God...

MULDER: Answer the question.

GERD THOMAS: No, I... I never killed them. I never killed anybody, I... I really loved those kids.

MULDER: Is this how you express your love for them?

(He puts down a picture of Rick's face, looking cold, eyes open. He then pushes Thomas' face towards it.)

Did you kidnap Rick Mazeroski? Did you write that on his back?

GERD THOMAS: Yes!

MULDER: Why?

GERD THOMAS: Because of what he had become.

MULDER: What'd he become?

GERD THOMAS: Because those kids have become monsters.

MULDER: You're not making any sense. Now, you... make sense to me.

(Thomas nods.)

GERD THOMAS: Because of Doctor Larson, because of the tests.

(Scully's mind drifts off. In her mind, she sees the Crew-Cut Man driving in his blue car. Then she remembers seeing him drive by in the white van. She remembers him shooting Deep Throat. The gunshot echoes in her mind.)

SCULLY: Excuse me.

(She stands up and walks out. Mulder looks at her, then back at Thomas. He walks around across the table and sits down.)

MULDER: Okay, what tests?

GERD THOMAS: Doctor Larson was using those kids as guinea pigs and he was using us too.

MULDER: What do you mean, "using you?"

GERD THOMAS: To inoculate the cattle.

MULDER: With growth hormone?

GERD THOMAS: I don't know exactly what it was but he was paying us a lot of money to do it.

MULDER: So you're saying that Doctor Larson was paying you a lot of money to inject the cattle with something and you didn't know what it was.

GERD THOMAS: Not until later. Not until after all those rapes.

(He takes a few jagged breaths.)

Doctor Larson told my boss that he felt responsible for everything that those kids had done... and that he was giving them the same inoculations.

MULDER: Was Doctor Larson involved in the kidnapping?

(Thomas shakes his head.)

GERD THOMAS: No, no... he didn't want his secret to come out. He didn't care about those kids like me.

(Scully walks back in carrying a folder.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

MULDER: Mm-hmm?

(He stands up and goes over to her.)

SCULLY: I, uh... I think he's telling the truth. I don't think he killed anyone.

MULDER: Well, how can you be sure?

SCULLY: I just got the toxicology report back on the broken vial. The residual substance couldn't be analyzed because it contained synthetic corticosteroids with unidentified amino acids. That's "Purity Control," Mulder.

(They walk out. Mulder motions to the deputy, who goes back into the room.)

MULDER: Do you know what you're saying, Scully?

SCULLY: The man who died in that plane crash was inoculating those kids with antibodies derived from what may have been an extraterrestrial source.

MULDER: He's been injecting those kids with alien DNA.

SCULLY: No, Mulder, that was never proven conclusively.

MULDER: But it's the same substance we found in the Erlenmeyer flask, isn't it? The same material my Deep Throat contact died for.

SCULLY: Yes.

MULDER: It all makes sense. The money in the briefcase, they've been conducting an experiment here. Somebody's been paying to have those kids injected with alien DNA to see how they'd react. It's been going on for years.

SCULLY: Does that man know anything about it?

MULDER: No. He's just some poor soul who blew their cover. I don't think he knows any more than he's telling us.

SCULLY: Well, I think his boss must have because they just found him shot to death in a cow pasture.

MULDER: What?

SCULLY: I think I know who shot him, Mulder. That man that I recognized on the road today... that's the same man that executed Deep Throat.

(Mulder stares at her for a second in disbelief.)

MULDER: Well, whoever's behind this, he's here covering their tracks. He's going to go after the kids. You get the sheriff and meet me at Gary Kane's apartment.

(He starts away, then looks at her.)

And, Scully... I want this guy alive.

(He walks away as she stares at him.)




SCENE 21
BETH KANE'S HOUSE
(Mulder pulls up, runs out of his car and knocks on the door. Beth opens it.)

MULDER: Where's Gary?

BETH KANE: He's in his bedroom.

MULDER: Go pack some clothes, things you need. You're all coming with me.

(A police car pulls up.)

BETH KANE: What?

MULDER: I'll explain later.

(He runs down the stairs as Mazeroski gets out of his car.)

Those credit card numbers, every kid's family that was listed. Get them packed up. Call out every man you've got.

MAZEROSKI: Where are we taking them?




SCENE 22
RICHARD ODIN'S HOUSE
(Odin opens the door to see Mulder standing there.)

ODIN: Yes?

MULDER: I need your help.

(Odin looks at him, a little shocked.)

ODIN: For?

MULDER: It may offend your religious sensibilities but it could help save some kids' lives.




SCENE 23
CHURCH OF THE RED MUSEUM
DELTA GLEN, WISCONSIN
(The townspeople file into the main building, murmuring. On the other side of the room, congregated around the seats, are the followers. The Kanes walk in. Mazeroski makes his way through the crowd and looks at the little kids of the Red Museum. Scully walks over to him.)

SCULLY: Sheriff... where's Mulder?

MAZEROSKI: He told me to make sure that the kids were safe. He thought there was some other place this guy might be.




SCENE 24
J.A.S.D. BEEF
DELTA GLEN, WI
(Mulder pulls up and gets out. He walks in and moves to a doorway, gun in hand. He reaches out onto the walls next to him with both hands and flicks on the light switch. Walking slowly, he stops and sees a trail of some kind of liquid on the ground. He kneels down and smells it, then follows the path, stepping around the large hanging pieces of meat. He walks over to the gasoline can on the ground. He follows the trail down a corridor where enormous pieces of meat stream down on each side of him, all wrapped up. There is some clanging to his right and he draws his gun again. Walking into the hallway, he sees another gasoline can. Going back to the room, the Crew-Cut Man, carrying another gasoline can, steps out from between two of the pieces of meat and walks the other way, not seeing Mulder. Mulder aims his gun.)

MULDER: Stop right there!

(The Crew-Cut Man does not even bother to look back, he just runs, dropping the gas can. Mulder moves swiftly after him and slowly walks down through the next meat passageway. He looks under some of them, kneeling and moving. Suddenly, the Crew-Cut Man swings out on a meathook and kicks Mulder square in the face with both feet, knocking the gun out of his hand. He smiles and runs off. Mulder gets to his feet and runs after him as the Crew-Cut Man locks him in.)

Hey!

(The Crew-Cut Man takes out his lighter and lights it. Scully and three officers walk in through the door behind him. Scully aims her gun.)

SCULLY: Don't move!

(He turns around.)

Put it down. Now.

(The Crew-Cut Man smiles.)

Just put the lighter down.

(Mazeroski holds his shotgun on him with one hand. His hand is shaking. Mulder bangs on the door. Scully turns to look and the Crew-Cut Man moves his lighter towards the gas can. Mulder bangs a little more but stops when he hears two gunshots and a man yelling in pain. Mulder bangs on the door more as three more gunshots go off.)

MULDER: Hey!

(Mazeroski walks towards the Crew-Cut Man's dead body, firing two more shots until he is out of bullets. He pushes the trigger repeatedly and the gun clicks. Mazeroski starts to cry. A deputy unlocks the door and Mulder walks out. Two officers follow him. Mulder looks at the Crew-Cut Man, then at Mazeroski.)

Get him out of here. Get everyone out of here!

(They start to file out. A deputy grabs Mazeroski's arm.)

DEPUTY: Come on.

(He walks out with Mazeroski, who looks at the Crew-Cut Man the whole time. Scully, typing her report, speaks over the scene.)

SCULLY: File number XWC060361. The identity of the man shot in the slaughterhouse has yet to be determined. His name, any record or artifact of his past, present or immigration status have yet to be found. His fingerprints are not on file in either the F.B.I. or National System of Records. At this time, it remains doubtful that anyone will come forward to I.D. or claim the body.

(Mulder and Scully walk away.)




SCENE 25
CHURCH OF THE RED MUSEUM
DELTA GLEN, WISCONSIN
(The children of the town stand together as Scully continues to speak.)

SCULLY: Under further analysis, the inoculant found in the broken vials was isolated and determined to be an unstable antibody of no known biological origin. After three weeks of study, the components of the serum, probably synthetic, have broken down structurally and, in this retrograde state, cannot be analyzed further. This coincides with the development of a severe and undiagnosed flu-like ailment affecting the children who were believed to be inoculated and some of the local families.

(The people of the Red Museum look back at the townspeople.)

To date, none of the congregants or members of the Church of the Red Museum have contracted this illness. I suspect whoever was doing may have been using them as a control group.

(Cut to a shot of the open briefcase.)

The shipping manifests for what is believed to be milk and beef tainted by the unspecified inoculant do not provide enough information to track their destinations.

(Cut to a shot of Clay's BBQ, which has a sign in the window that says "Closed Until Further Notice.")

A local advisory and quarantine have been established. Further inquiry into the tainted beef has been promised by the pertinent government health agencies.

(The old man sits in his car, looking at the closed shop.)

The F.B.I. investigation into this case is currently at a standstill. The case remains open and unsolved.

(He drives off.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
EXCELSIUS DEI CONVALESCENT HOME
WORCESTER, MASS
(Night at an old nursing home. Person enters the building. Two male orderlies, UPSHAW and TIERNAN, are watching a boxing match featuring Mike Tyson on TV.)

TV ANNOUNCER: Danelle was an outstanding high school basketball player...

TIERNAN: (air-boxing) Come on, man. Come on. Come on, now. Put em down  put em down! Ow! (playfully punches UPSHAW)

UPSHAW: (doesnt want to box) Hey, man, watch it.

TIERNAN: Come on, Upshaw. Come on, you and me, buddy! Lets go!

UPSHAW: Youre a moron, Tiernan.

TIERNAN: (still boxing) Come on. Lets go!

(NURSE CHARTERS, 30s, no nonsense type, has entered the room and looks at the two men with disgust.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Youre both morons, as far as Im concerned. Now whos watching the floor?

UPSHAW: Whats his name, the Skink.

TIERNAN: Guess who died this afternoon? Mrs. Richardson.

UPSHAW: (chuckles) Face plant, in a bowl of pudding.

NURSE CHARTERS: I dont suppose either of you changed her room.

UPSHAW: Oh, no. We left that for you.

(She gives them a humorless smile, and picks up some sheets.)

TIERNAN: (back into game) Ow!

TV ANNOUNCER: Mike Tyson, a disciple of Costanaro 

(NURSE CHARTERS leaves the orderlies and enters HAL and STANs room. The two elderly residents of the home are also watching the fight.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Okay. Partys over, gents. (She turns off the TV.)

STAN: (whining) Whyd you do that?

NURSE CHARTERS: Cause rules are rules, Stan. And Im the Queen Bitch around here.

HAL: Gung said we could watch the rest of the fight.

NURSE CHARTERS: Well, do I look like Gung to you?

HAL: No. You got a better figure. (his hand is on her butt)

NURSE CHARTERS: You want to keep that hand, Hal, you better let go.

HAL: How about a little sponge bath?

NURSE CHARTERS: How about I take care of these wandering hands of yours? Come here.

(She straps HAL down to the bed with velcro arm bands.)

HAL: You like strapping me down, dont you?

NURSE CHARTERS: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah. I really get off on it.

(HAL chuckles as she leaves the room. STAN looks over at his friend sadly.)

(In the hall, NURSE CHARTERS passes GUNG, a quiet looking Asian orderly.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Hey, Gung. No TV after 9:00. Do you understand?

GUNG: Dr. Grago said theyre getting better so 

NURSE CHARTERS: Oh, getting better. Right. Thats because they dont pinch his butt every time he walks into the room.

(GUNG watches her go, then continues down the hall.)

(NURSE CHARTERS removes the "Mrs. Richardson" nameplate from a door and goes into the empty room. She begins straightening up the room, making the bed. Suddenly, the door slams, and the bed is slammed up against the door, blocking it. NURSE CHARTERS goes to the bed and tries to pull it out of the way, but an unseen force flips her onto the bed. The velcro arm straps open. She is then flipped onto her back and the straps close around her wrists. (Camera close on her face as she screams in fear and in pain.)

NURSE CHARTERS: No! Somebody help me! Somebody, please! Please! Please! Please!

(Hall shot outside the room. No one is there. NURSE CHARTERS' screams continue.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Help me! Please, help me! (screams)




SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC
(Early morning. MULDER enters dark X-Files office and stares at SCULLY who is sitting at his desk watching a video tape. He was obviously not expecting her to be there before him.)

SCULLY: (glancing over her shoulder) Good morning.

MULDER: Whatever tape you found in that VCR, it isnt mine.

SCULLY: Good. Because I put it back in that drawer with all those other videos that arent yours.

(MULDER crosses behind her and sees that the video is of NURSE CHARTERS. Her face is bruised.)

MULDER: Well, this definitely isnt mine.

SCULLY: No. This is Michelle Charters. Shes a registered nurse at a convalescent home in Worchester, Massachusetts.

MULDER: What happened to her?

SCULLY: According to Miss Charters, she was raped. The abrasions and contusions here would be consistent with her claims as would be the medical report which cites the kind of injury and tearing associated with sexual trauma.

MULDER: Where did you get this? Violent Crimes?

SCULLY: No. The woman made the video herself. It seems that no one will believe her story.

MULDER: Why not?

SCULLY: Because she claims to have been raped by an invisible entity. A spirit being.

MULDER: I have several X-Files that document similar cases. (Goes to file cabinet and opens it)

SCULLY: I know. Ive been here since 6:00 this morning going through them.

MULDER: Well, then you none of them have ever been substantiated.

SCULLY: Not surprisingly.

MULDER: Given the emotional and psychological violence of rape, the face or identity of the attacker is often blurred or erased from memory. That he could be perceived as invisible is a logical leap for me.

SCULLY: Yes. But this case is different.

MULDER: Why?

SCULLY: The victim has filed a lawsuit against the government. She seems to be certain who the spirit being is.




SCENE 3
(NURSE CHARTERS living room. MULDER and SCULLY interviewing NURSE CHARTERS who is still bruised.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Mr. Arden. Hal Arden.

SCULLY: And you know him ?

NURSE CHARTERS: Hes been a patient where I work for about five years.

MULDER: Miss Charters, the facts of your case seem to contravene those of other cases we have on file.

NURSE CHARTERS: (bitter) Right. You mean the other Woman-Raped-by-Invisible-Man cases?

MULDER: How do you know it was him who attacked you?

NURSE CHARTERS: He made advances toward me. And he said things  rude things. Look, when you bathe somebody every day for five years you get to know more about them than you really need to. And an old man smells a certain way and he feels a certain way.

SCULLY: I know this is hard for you.

NURSE CHARTERS: This is the easy part. You see, hard is not being able to get disability leave or workmans comp and having to go back to work with this  guy.

SCULLY: To continue our investigation were going to need some kind of evidence  physical or 

NURSE CHARTERS: Yeah, I know. Ive heard it. Unless you have hair or semen or fibers you guys cant build a case.

MULDER: Thats right.

NURSE CHARTERS: Look, I didnt make this up, okay? I was attacked. And Im not some kind of shrinking violet who would repress the memory of a rapists face. If I could positively ID him or give you something to incriminate the man, I would.




SCENE 4
(Nursing home. Bathroom. MULDER and SCULLY watch as HAL gets out of the tub. GUNG wraps a towel around him.)

HAL: Youve got to be kidding me. (chuckles) And what do I think about her claims? I should be in the Guinness Record Book. Im 74 years old. Ive got plumbing older than this building. Hmmm?

(HAL holds open towel exposing himself. SCULLY stares for a second, then turns away slightly. MULDER looks, and nods with a little grin.)

HAL: And it dont work much better, either.

MULDER: Thank you for sharing. Are you aware youre being named in a lawsuit against the federal government?

HAL: I am?

SCULLY: Did you ever threaten Miss Charters?

HAL: (doesnt hear her) What?

SCULLY: (louder) Did you ever threaten Miss Charters?

HAL: Threaten? It was harmless, for crying out loud. Ever since this *sex harassment* fad, men cant say whats on their minds.

(MULDER gives SCULLY a look and smiles which she misses.)

SCULLY: She says you made advances.

HAL: (again, not hearing) Hmm?

SCULLY: (louder) Advances?

HAL: If I told you you were a very pretty woman and I would like to show you some affection, would you be offended? Huh?

(SCULLY doesnt quite know how to answer. She and MULDER look at each other. HAL suddenly looks up at MULDER apologetically.)

HAL: Oh, I didnt mean to step on your toes there.

MULDER: (looking quickly at HAL, surprised, then quickly) Its all right. There seems to be some confusion here.

HAL: Yeah. I though Nurse Whats-Her-Name said she was rogered by a ghost. I may have one foot in the grave, but I certainly cant fly down hallways spreading amour.

MULDER: (loudly) Apparently not.

HAL: (chuckling as GUNG leads him out of the bathroom) If thats what its like  if thats what its like in heaven, Lord, take me now. (GUNG and HAL exit.)

SCULLY: What do you think, Mulder?

MULDER: (grinning at her) About the guys plumbing?

SCULLY: About his story.

MULDER: I think this will turn out to be a huge waste of time just like all the other X-Files on entity rape. Unsubstantiated phenomena.

SCULLY: But in a substantiated crime.

(As they leave, STAN and UPSHAW enter for STANs bath.)

UPSHAW: Hey, pay attention. Or you can take another bath with your clothes on. At five and a half bucks an hour I dont give a rat's ass either way.




SCENE 5
(Outside the home. MULDER and SCULLY walking with MS. DAWSON, tall, blonde, confident, impersonal director of the Excelsius Dei Home.)

MS. DAWSON: Ten years ago, Excelsius was a leading facility in care and treatment of the elderly. Then government funding was cut till were all but shut down. Only a few wings are operational now.

SCULLY: Is there still a medical staff?

MS. DAWSON: Not on site. Dr. Grego visits three times a week. Excelsius residents are very well looked after, though. We hold ourselves to a high standard of health maintenance and treatment.

SCULLY: What kind of treatment?

MS. DAWSON: Weve always specialized in the care of the late-life degenerative diseases  Alzheimers, Parkinsons.

MULDER: We met with a patient today.

MS. DAWSON: We prefer "resident," actually.

MULDER: We met a *resident* who was described to us as having Alzheimers but he actually seemed quite spry and alert.

MS. DAWSON: Youre speaking of Hal Arden, the man accused of assaulting Michelle Charters.

SCULLY: Was he receiving special treatment?

MS. DAWSON: Youd have to speak to Dr. Grago. Hal has been here almost eight years now. Were all quite fond of him. We were extremely dismayed over this whole business with the lawsuit.

SCULLY: Are you saying you dont believe Nurse Charters allegations of rape?

MS. DAWSON: Theres something Id like to show you.

(In STAN and HALs room. STAN at the window watches the agents and the director walking inside.)

STAN: What did you tell them?

HAL: I didnt tell them anything.

STAN: Why are they still here?

HAL: I dont know, Stan.

STAN: Now you got to be more careful.

HAL: I am careful.

STAN: Youre going to ruin it for all of us. They find out, it all goes for nothing.

HAL: I didnt tell them anything.

STAN: Im not going to die in this Godforsaken hole, you hear me?

HAL: Oh, bug off, Stan.

(STAN opens a drawer and takes a brown capsule.)

HAL: Whered you get that?

STAN: I know where he keeps them.

HAL: Give me one, Stan. Huh? I want another one, too.

STAN: You cant handle another one.

HAL: Oh yeah? Maybe Ill just rat you out, then. Huh? How would you like that?

(Later. MULDER and SCULLY in DAWSONs office. MS. DAWSON pulls out a file and gives it to SCULLY.)

SCULLY: This is Michelle Charters?

MS. DAWSON: There are three separate insurance claims for accidents received on the job. In April, she went to the State Board and requested leave with full pay due to job-related emotional stress. The request was summarily rejected. Theres more 

SCULLY: Id like to review it myself, if thats okay?

MS. DAWSON: Certainly.

MULDER: Ms. Dawson, did you get a chance to see Michelle after the incident? To see the extent of her injuries?

MS. DAWSON: I wasnt here the night it happened but I did see her the following day.

MULDER: Then you know how badly she was hurt.

MS. DAWSON: Yes.

MULDER: In your opinion, do you think she staged the attack?

(Knock at the door.)

TIERNAN: Excuse me, Ms. Dawson? We need help. Mr. Ardens choking to death!

(MULDER, SCULLY, and MS. DAWSON follow TIERNAN.)

(In STAN and HALs room. HAL lies gasping on the bed. It looks like his throat is being constricted. STAN stands beside him)

STAN: See? See what happened? I told you you couldnt handle any more.

(MULDER, SCULLY and the others rush into the room)

SCULLY: Call 911. Hal. Can you speak? (no response) I think this mans in ventricular fibrillation. I need 75 milligrams of Lidocaine and one amp of Amphinephrine. Stat.

TIERNAN: Yeah.

SCULLY: And get me a defibrillator!

TIERNAN: (running out of the room) Okay.

SCULLY: Hes turning cyanotic. Come on, Hal. You gotta help me.

MULDER: Come on, Hal.

MS. DAWSON: One, two, three, four, five.

UPSHAW: The ambulance is on the way!

SCULLY: Im losing him. Whats taking them so long?

MS. DAWSON: Hes not responding! Still no pulse. Wheres that crash cart!




SCENE 6
(BODY is wheeled out of the nursing home to an ambulance. DOCTOR GREGO, late 40s, watches with MULDER and SCULLY.)

DOCTOR GREGO: Hal Ardens been my patient since he came here eight years ago. This really is a setback.

SCULLY: A setback?

DOCTOR GREGO: Hal was part of a group of Alzheimers patients Ive been treating for 11 months.

SCULLY: But Alzheimers isnt treatable.

DOCTOR GREGO: Its an experimental drug called Depranil  an enzyme inhibitor that increases the amount of acetylcholine in the brain.

SCULLY: Ive read about it, but Ive also read that the clinical benefits are marginal at best.

DOCTOR GREGO: Yes, but these patients seem to be proving otherwise. Theyve demonstrated cognitive abilities well beyond anything thats been reported.

MULDER: So he was actually getting better?

DOCTOR GREGO: Before he started receiving the drug he could hardly complete a sentence.

(MULDER and SCULLY look at each other.)

DOCTOR GREGO: (slightly embarrassed) Look, theres not much to get excited about in my work. Most of these people are on the downhill slide. If I can make them comfortable, maybe prolong a life, thats about all they expect. But to reverse an illness.

SCULLY: Would it be possible for us to take a look at other patients in your test group?

DOCTOR GREGO: Sure, if you want to.

SCULLY: Yeah.

(Ambulance drives away. MULDER watches NURSE CHARTERS watch it go.)

(STAN watches from the window, then turns to take another dose of the brown pills. GUNG enters the room and catches him.)

GUNG: Where did you get that?

STAN: It was Hals. Since hes not here anymore, why cant I have it?

GUNG: Because you have enough. What I give you is enough. Its our secret.

(STAN takes the pills. GUNG disapproves.)

STAN: Oh, come on, Gung. Its making me better.

GUNG: (adamant) Too much is very bad Very bad. No more for you.




SCENE 7
(Day room at the nursing home. MULDER and SCULLY and DOCTOR GREGO watch the residents, all very active. DOROTHY, eighty-something, moves around the room in her wheelchair directing imaginary people into position for LEO, at a table with paper and pen, to draw a picture. No one pays attention to DOROTHY, but she doesnt seem to notice.)

DOROTHY: I want you to stand behind Ben, Eddie, because Bens taller, and I want  (continues)

DOCTOR GREGO: (quietly pointing to LEO) That man there --- thats Leo Kreutzer. During the Depression he was a WPA artist. Quite a good one too, Im told.

DOROTHY: Hello, Mabel, dont you look lovely. .

MULDER: (quietly) Is he receiving the same treatments as Hal Arden?

DOCTOR GREGO: Yes. When he came to us he couldnt draw a circle. Now, you can see for yourself.

(LEO rapidly draws as DOROTHY keeps positioning imaginary people.)

DOROTHY: Because youre taller I want you to stand behind Ben.

DOCTOR GREGO: Youll have to excuse me, Im already well behind on rounds.

SCULLY: Can I get a copy of Hal Ardens autopsy results?

DOCTOR GREGO: Of course.

SCULLY: Thank you.

(MULDER has crossed over to LEO.)

MULDER: May I sit down, Leo? (no response)

SCULLY: Leo, were with the FBI. We have some questions that wed like to ask you.

DOROTHY: (to MULDER and SCULLY) Leos a brilliant artist, you know. Dont be so modest, Leo. President Kennedy has one of his paintings in the White House.

(LEO sighs.)

SCULLY: Dr. Grago tells us that you havent been able to work in years. That the medicine has improved 

LEO: (interrupting gruffly) It aint the medication.

SCULLY: What is it then?

UPSHAW: Okay, Rembrandt. 6:00. Dinner time.

TIERNAN: (grabbing DOROTHYs wheelchair) Come on, Dorothy. Legs up and straight ahead. Dont want you getting a flat tire.

DOROTHY: Wait, Leos not finished with us.

TIERNAN: Leo can finish with you later.

DOROTHY: He still has to draw the rest.

TIERNAN: (wheeling her out) Hell do it later, honey.

UPSHAW: (taking pen from LEO) Come on, Leo. Dont make me embarrass you in front of your friends.

(The orderlies take the residents out of the room.)

MULDER: (disgusted) Come on, Scully. Lets get out of here.

(SCULLY looks at the Picassoesque picture that LEO was drawing.)




SCENE 8
HOTEL HARTLEY
WORCESTER, MASS
6:53 PM
(Later, MULDER and SCULLY enter hotel lobby.)

SCULLY: .to find not just the treatment but a cure for Alzheimers. Do you realize how important that would be?

MULDER: (bitter) If it would keep anybody out of a place like that it would be important enough. I wouldnt say those people were exactly cured.

SCULLY: Any progress at all 

MULDER: Well, I hope someones making some progress cause were going home with a big goose egg. (to hotel clerk) Checking out of room 206 and 210, please.

CLERK: (taking their keys) Certainly, sir. (to other clerk) Angelo?

SCULLY: What if theres a connection?

MULDER: Between the rape case and the Alzheimers? (very close to her, quietly) When theyre not drawing childlike pictures theyre brutal sex offenders?

SCULLY: Dr. Gragos therapy produces acetylcholine. Too much cholinergic activity causes a phychotic state similar to schizophrenia.

MULDER: You think that Michelle Charters was raped by an 74-year-old schizophrenic?

SCULLY: Its possible.

MULDER: An *invisible* 74-year-old schizophrenic?

SCULLY: Well, maybe its not in the medication. Maybe its the place itself.

MULDER: Are you saying that the buildings haunted? (smiles and laughs, quietly) If you are, youve been working with me for too long, Scully.

SCULLY: Im talking about an environmental reason behind whats happening there. Even the disinfectant couldnt mask that smell. Who knows whats breeding behind the walls or in the sub-structure. Some fungal contaminants have been known to cause delusions, dementia, violent behaviour

MULDER: Why wouldnt it have affected the other residents?

SCULLY: Maybe it has.

MULDER: I-I think youre looking too hard, Scully, for something thats not there. I think Michelle Charters concocted this story to get out of a job she hates.

SCULLY: Her lip required 13 stitches. The blow to her head resulted in a subdural hematoma. Thats quite a concoction. Look, I just want to talk to a few more patients there. We can catch the same flight out tomorrow night.

(MULDER looks at her and considers.)




SCENE 9
(Nursing home. DOROTHYs room. TIERNAN is feeding her. She doesnt want to eat.)

TIERNAN: This is gourmet fare. Be a good girl and open wide.

DOROTHY: No. Please dont. Please, dont.

TIERNAN: Open wide. Open up, honey.

DOROTHY: Please dont. I dont want 

(He pushes the food in her mouth, she spits it back out.)

TIERNAN: Thats fine, Dorothy. Starve to death. See if I care. (he leaves the room)

(LEOs room. GUNG is with LEO. LEO stares at his food tray.)

GUNG: Why arent you eating your food, Leo? Whats the matter?

LEO: Its Dorothy. She needs more. We both do.

GUNG: What you have is enough.

LEO: Its not working for us. Not like it works for the others. We need more.

GUNG: No. No. Now eat your food, please. Ill come back and pick up your tray.

(GUNG leaves. DOROTHY wheels into LEOs room. They look at each other.)

LEO: Its okay, Dorothy. Dont worry. I think Stan had some more hidden away somewhere. It will be all right.

(STANs room. His DAUGHTER is with him. She looks tired, as if she has been arguing with him for a while.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Why are you being so stubborn?

STAN: Im not. I happen to like it here.

STANS DAUGHTER: A year ago you were begging to live with us.

STAN: Well, things change.

STANS DAUGHTER: Look Dad, I am sorry about what happened to Mr. Arlen.

STAN: His name was Arden.

TIERNAN: Im finished packing your things, Mr. Phillips. Im going to make sure you didnt forget anything. (to STANs DAUGHTER) Dont you worry, Mrs. Kelly. Just pull your car around out front. Ill make sure he gets down okay.

STANS DAUGHTER: Thank you.

TIERNAN: Hes going to be fine. (closes door)

(MULDER and SCULLY come down the hall to STANs room.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Can I help you?

SCULLY: Yes. Wed like to have a word with Mr. Phillips.

STANS DAUGHTER: Im his daughter. What is this about?

SCULLY: Were with the FBI. We have a few questions concerning his medical treatment. (shows badge)

STANS DAUGHTER: Hes in there packing right now. Im about to take him home. Is there anything I can help you with?

(Later, night, MULDER and SCULLY accompany STANs DAUGHTER down the outside stairs.)

STANS DAUGHTER: My little girls wont even visit their grandfather. Theyre afraid to even come here.

SCULLY: Its hard for anyone to be here, including the residents.

STANS DAUGHTER: Thats why Jack and I decided that no matter what time hes got left we want him to spend it with us.

SCULLY: How many years has he been here?

STANS DAUGHTER: Almost three. But we didnt have any choice. Jack and I both work. The doctor said he needed 24 hour nursing assistance.

MULDER: He doesnt seem to need much assistance now. Has his improvement been that pronounced?

STANS DAUGHTER: I thought I was bringing him here to die. They told me hed only get worse. The physical deterioration, the dementia. And now its like hes a different person.

MULDER: Do you have any idea why?

STANS DAUGHTER: I suppose it has something to do with Dr. Gragos treatment. Dad wont talk to me about it. Hes just too angry. He was angry when I first brought him here in the first place. Now hes angry that I want to take him home. I dont know that hes ever going to forgive me.

(STANs room. The orderly, TIERNAN, is packing STANs bag, his back to the door.)

TIERNAN: You know, Id like to say Im going to miss you, Stan, but the truth is, you are a royal pain in the butt.

(TIERNAN sees movement as STAN darts out of the room.)

TIERNAN: Hey, where you going? Dont make me chase you, old man.

(TIERNAN runs upstairs to top floor after STAN. We dont see STAN at all, just flurries of movement.)

TIERNAN: (out of breath) Hey! What are you? A track star all of a sudden? (he enters dark room and goes to open window and sees movement on the roof at the next window) Okay, stop messing around, Stan. You crawl back in that window right now. You crawl back in there. (He climbs on to the sill.) Dont think Im coming over there to get you. Id just as soon let you fall and break your neck. Did you hear me Stan? You hear me?

(Suddenly, there is movement behind him and he is pushed out of the window. He manages to grab the sill with his fingers.)

TIERNAN: Help! Help me! Somebody help me! Im gonna fall!

(MULDER runs back inside and up to the top floor.)

TIERNAN: Help!

(As TIERNAN dangles, one by one his fingers are lifted. MULDER reaches the window and holds out his hand to TIERNAN.)

MULDER: Give me your hand. Come on.

TIERNAN: (trying, but cant lift his hand to MULDERs, as if he is being pushed away) I cant.

MULDER: Grab it.

(TIERNAN screams as he loses his grip on the sill and falls four stories to the ground below. Unable to help, MULDER watches in shock.)

(SCULLY checks for a pulse on TIERNAN, and looks up to MULDER.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Oh, my God.




SCENE 10
(Next morning. MULDER is with STAN in STANs room. GUNG changes the sheets. DOCTOR GREGO enters, out of breath.)

DOCTOR GREGO: They paged me this morning. I got a message an orderly fell out a fourth floor window?

MULDER: Apparently. Either that or he was pushed.

DOCTOR GREGO: Was Stan involved?

MULDER: Thats what were trying to determine. Stan was with him just prior to the accident.

DOCTOR GREGO: Youre not suggesting he could have done it.

MULDER: There have been two deaths here in the past 24 hours. Stans been present before both of them.

DOCTOR GREGO: No, no. Thats impossible. Stan Phillips has a degenerative hip disease. Theres no way, he couldnt get up to the fourth floor on his own.

MULDER: What about an elevator?

DOCTOR GREGO: The elevators in this place havent worked for years.

MULDER: Maybe he was helped.

DOCTOR GREGO: Helped? By whom?

MULDER: I dont know. The postmortem on Hal Arden  did you get it yet?

DOCTOR GREGO: No, not yet, but they promise theyll fax it today.

MULDER: Can we check and see if its come in yet?

DOCTOR GREGO: Sure. Just what do you expect to find?

MULDER: (looks at STAN) Im not sure, exactly.

(They exit. STAN watches them leave, then looks at GUNG.)

(In another room, SCULLY sits with STANs DAUGHTER.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Why are they questioning him?

SCULLY: Its routine procedure.

STANS DAUGHTER: Are they going to want to keep him here?

SCULLY: Youll have to ask Dr. Grago.

STANS DAUGHTER: I  God. If my mother was alive 

(They hear NURSE CHARTERS arguing with MS. DAWSON.)

NURSE CHARTERS: How can I handle the whole floor by myself?

MS. DAWSON: I dont know, Michelle. I have other things to deal with.

NURSE CHARTERS: Yes, well, so do I. I would just like some help, please.

MS. DAWSON: Youre the only one on?

NURSE CHARTERS: Yes. Upshaw never showed up for work last night. Nobodys listening to me around here. I said there was something going on and I told you it had to do with Mr. Arden and Mr. Phillips. Forget it. (leaves)

MS. DAWSON: (to SCULLY) Can you please explain to me whats going on around here?

(DOROTHY is sitting in the hall nearby talking to her empty room.)

DOROTHY: Shoo! Shoo! Go away! Go away! Leave me alone. Go back! Dont come any closer!

MS. DAWSON: Go back in your room, Dorothy. If you need something, Ill send an orderly to see you.

DOROTHY: No, theyre in there.

MS. DAWSON: Who?

DOROTHY: All of them.

SCULLY: (looking in the empty room) Theres nobody in your room, Dorothy.

DOROTHY: Here they come. Youll see. All right, now you be nice. I dont want any more of your dirty tricks.

SCULLY: Is she going to be all right?

(MS. DAWSON tries to push DOROTHYs wheelchair into the room, but DOROTHY braces her hands on either side of the open door.)

DOROTHY: No! No, no, no, I dont want to go back in there! No! No! I dont want to go back in there! Oh, no, no, no 

MS. DAWSON: (giving up) Its senile dementia. This is just an episode.

(DOROTHYS POV ON SCULLY: SCULLY is surrounded by shadowy figures reaching out to touch her. SCULLY stands staring at DOROTHY.)

DOROTHY: You leave her be. Dont you touch her. Now shoo! Go away, go away! Dont you get any ideas, mister.

SCULLY: (uncomfortable, passing DOROTHY, heading down the hall) Excuse me.

DOROTHY: Now dont you follow her.

(From DOROTHYs POV, we see the shadowy figures following SCULLY, hovering around her as she walks down the hall.)

(MULDER with DOCTOR GREGO who is looking at a file.)

DOCTOR GREGO: This is it.

MULDER: Is the toxicology there?

DOCTOR GREGO: Yes. Theres something here that shouldnt be here.

MULDER: Whats that?

DOCTOR GREGO: Ibotenic acid. How did that get in his blood?

MULDER: Whats ibotenic acid?

DOCTOR GREGO: If Im not mistaken, its a kind of poison.

(SCULLY enters, quickly.)

SCULLY: Mulder 

MULDER: Scully, Hal Arden had ibotenic acid in his blood. Somebody poisoned him.

SCULLY: (looking at the chart) Well, not necessarily. This is only a trace amount but small amounts are known to cause hallucinations which is what one of your patients is having right now down the hall.

DOCTOR GREGO: Where did they get it?

(NURSE CHARTERS knocks and enters in a hurry.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Excuse me. Youve got to come quickly.

(They follow NURSE CHARTERS into the day room.)

SCULLY: Oh, my God.

(One wall is completely covered with beautiful, intricate, but very disturbing, scary paintings. Oblivious to the others in the room, LEO continues painting frantically.)

MULDER: Its fantastic.

DOCTOR GREGO: Whats going on here?

SCULLY: Leo?

(LEO looks at her, then back to the painting.)

SCULLY: Its incredible 

MULDER: Youve got an Asian orderly working here. Whats his name?

DOCTOR GREGO: Uh, Gung, I think.

MULDER: Do you know where he is?

DOCTOR GREGO: Somewhere down in the basement.

(MULDER goes into the basement alone, looks around. He finds a padlocked door. He uses a metal bar [chair leg?] to bash open the lock. He enters the dark, damp, room, shines flashlight, and finds lots of mushrooms growing in dirt. Digging through the dirt, he sees the hand, then uncovers the body of UPSHAW, the missing orderly, dead.)

MULDER: Upshaw.




SCENE 11
(MS. DAWSONs office. MULDER, SCULLY, DAWSON, and DOCTOR GREGO are questioning GUNG.)

GUNG: I didnt kill him.

MULDER: But its your mushroom crop, isnt it?

GUNG: Yes.

MULDER: Who else would have buried him there?

SCULLY: Why were you growing them?

GUNG: For medicinal purposes.

SCULLY: Were you feeding them to the residents here?

GUNG: Yes, but only in small amounts.

MULDER: Why?

GUNG: Because it makes them feel better.

MULDER: Makes them feel better, or it kills them?

GUNG: No.

DOCTOR GREGO: Exactly what kind of mushrooms are they?

GUNG: Its from my prefecture in my country. Theyve been used for centuries.

SCULLY: For what purpose?

GUNG: In my country, our customs are different.

MS. DAWSON: Youre not in your country now. Youre hired here to care for these people under our guidelines.

GUNG: Where I come from, many generations live under one roof. As children, our grandparents live with us. We feel a duty to take care of them. (MULDER and SCULLY share a look.) It isnt like that in this country. We respect our old people as we respect our ancestors. We dont send them away to die like Stan and Hal.

DOCTOR GREGO: These people are given excellent medical care.

GUNG: But theyre not treated with respect. Hals family never came to visit him once and the orderlies  treat the residents worse than dogs.

MS. DAWSON: No one is mistreated here.

GUNG: Youre not here to see.

MULDER: All right, Gung, who killed the orderly? Who buried him in that room?

GUNG: Something has gone very wrong. The mushrooms we take to speak with the dead, to see our ancestors in the spirit world. But  the spirit in this place is very angry and the souls that died here continue to suffer. And now they  have been awakened.

SCULLY: Are you saying that a spirit killed this man, Upshaw?

GUNG: Yes. Theyve taken revenge for their mistreatment.

MULDER: How are the mushrooms taken?

GUNG: Dried, mixed with many herbs, made into powder.

MULDER: Well, I think the first thing we should do is make sure nobody else takes them. (to DOCTOR GREGO) You, check on the other patients. Gung, come with me. Lets go.

(MULDER, SCULLY, and GUNG go down to the basement room. GUNG pauses for a moment at the door, and looks around suspiciously. Then they enter and GUNG goes to a cabinet and removes a jar with just a couple of pills at the bottom.)

GUNG: Someones taken them all.

(MULDER pulls SCULLY to the side to speak privately.)

MULDER: I think youre right, Scully.

SCULLY: About?

MULDER: Whats been happening is the result of the medication, but not the medication the Doctors been giving them.

SCULLY: Mulder, mushrooms arent medication. They taste good on hamburgers, but they dont raise the dead.

MULDER: Shamans have used them for centuries to gain entrance to the spirit world.

SCULLY: I think youve been reading too much Carlos Castenada.

MULDER: Ask any anthropologist then.

SCULLY: I know --- a shaman gets intoxicated, he has dreams or hallucinations, and he interprets them. I dont think its any more magical than that.

MULDER: I dont know how else to explain whats happening here.

SCULLY: Well, I think, if anything, these mushrooms are a poison to the system and I think thats what killed Hal Arden.

MULDER: And raped Michelle Charters and killed those two orderlies? Somethings been unleashed here, Scully. I dont know how to explain it, but it has something to do with those pills.




SCENE 12
(STAN in his room drops a handful of pills and frantically pushes them into his mouth. His DAUGHTER enters.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Daddy? Daddy, what are you taking? What are you putting in your mouth?

DOROTHY: (in hall, waving her arms) Go away! You go away! Go away! You leave me  leave us alone! Go on! You  run. (to STANs DAUGHTER) Run while you can. Go on, run. Run. Go away. (sees the shadowy figures approaching) Go away! Go on. You leave us alone. Go on.

LEO: (voice) Dorothy! I need your help!

DOROTHY: Leo . you leave me alone. You leave him alone! Leo! Leo! Leo  go on. Go on. You leave him . you leave ..

(DOROTHY wheels herself to LEOs door. LEO is collapsed on floor. She sees figures over him. STANs DAUGHTER joins her at LEOs door.)

DORORTHY: Oh  oh, no. Stop. Stop that.

(Both of them see LEOs body pulled into the shadows and the door slam. They hear NURSE CHARTERS scream.)

(Downstairs, MULDER and SCULLY hear NURSE CHARTERS scream. MULDER runs upstairs and into the bathroom and sees NURSE CHARTERS trying to stand up.)

NURSE CHARTERS: Help me, please.

(NURSE CHARTERS screams as she is flung against the wall. MULDER turns to see SCULLY just getting to the bathroom door. Door to the bathroom slams shut, and every water faucet and valve in the bathroom begins shooting out water. Fighting against the water, MULDER hears SCULLY outside the door.)

SCULLY: (trying to open the door which has just slammed in her face) Mulder! Whats going on!? Mulder!? Mulder!

MULDER: (yelling through the locked door) Scully! Turn off the water main! Turn off the water main!

(SCULLY sees water coming out the bottom of the door.)

SCULLY: Theyre trapped in the bathroom and its filling with water.

MS. DAWSON: What?

SCULLY: Wheres the main water shutoff?

MS. DAWSON: I dont know.

SCULLY: Gung will know. (begins running off to find GUNG) Keep trying the door.

(Bathroom is now almost knee deep. MULDER begins pulling a dizzy NURSE CHARTERS to her feet.)

MULDER: Youve got to get up. Come on. You got to get up.

(In the basement, SCULLY and GUNG try to turn off the water main.)

GUNG: Its stuck.

SCULLY: See if you can find something to force it with.

GUNG: Okay.

(Bathroom is now about five feet deep. MULDER swims down and tries to uncover the drain. It doesnt work. He surfaces again next to NURSE CHARTERS who is holding on to a pipe.)

MULDER: I cant open the drains.

(STANs room. STAN is lying on bed having a seizure. STANs DAUGHTER catches SCULLY in the hall.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Please! Please, my father needs help. My father took something. Im afraid hes dying.

SCULLY: You stay with him. Ill get help. (runs down hall to the bathroom door) Dr. Grago! Dr. Grago.

DOCTOR GREGO: Its sealed tight.

SCULLY: Do you have any atropine in your kit here?

DOCTOR GREGO: Uh, I might. Yes, I think so.

SCULLY: Stan Phillips has gone into convulsions. I think he might have poisoned himself.

(DOCTOR GREGO runs down the hall.)

(In the bathroom, water level is only a few inches from the ceiling. MULDER and NURSE CHARTERS hold onto a pipe just barely keeping their noses above water.)

MULDER: Just hold on. Its all right.

(In STANs room, DOCTOR GREGO gives STAN an injection. His body tenses as shadowy figures fade.)

(In hall, SCULLY stares at the bathroom door which now has water flowing over the top. Suddenly, the door gives way, and the wall of water knocks SCULLY and MS. DAWSON down, then MULDER and NURSE CHARTERS come pouring out and a few feet down the hall. )

(STAN, in his room, catches his breath and begins to relax, the seizure fading.)

DOROTHY: (in hallway) Theyre gone. Theyre all gone. Theyre gone. Theyre all gone.

(MULDER, coughing, stands up, holding NURSE CHARTERS in the hip deep water in the hall.)

SCULLY: You okay, Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah. Fine.




SCENE 13
(SCULLY voiceover. Nursing home, night, then some time later.)

SCULLY: (voiceover) In response to the series of unexplained incidents at the Excelsius Dei convalescent home, the Massachusetts Department of Public Health has assumed all administrative authority at the facility. They detected trace amounts of ibotenic acid in more than half the residents tested. Though these levels have dissipated rapidly.

(Day room. In front of the incredible mural, LEO draws a crude picture of a sailboat.)

SCULLY: (voiceover, cont.) Dr. John Grago has been replaced as head physician at the facility and his trial use of the drug Depranil has been suspended. For his admitted part in manufacturing and distributing an illicit substance, Gung Bittouin was remanded to the Immigration and Naturalization Service and is awaiting repatriation to Malaysia. There are reportedly no efforts being made to study the mushrooms.

(DOROTHY is wheeled in and a magazine placed in front of her. No response.)

SCULLY: (voiceover, cont.) The federal government has settled Michelle Charters lawsuit out of court though no clear blame has been placed. Witnesses to the events have been unreliable due to dramatic relapses and a general reversal in their progress with Alzheimers disease.

(STANs DAUGHTER sits with STAN in the day room. He is completely nonresponsive.)

STANS DAUGHTER: Im going to go now, Daddy. Ill see you again soon. Maybe next week.

(STAN stares into space.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
POLICE HEADQUARTERS
AUBREY, MISSOURI
(A busy police station office. DETECTIVE JOE DARNELL and LIEUTENANT BRIAN TILLMAN enter, conversing.)

DARNELL: There was blood everywhere. Whoever killed her is a real psycho.

TILLMAN: Murder weapon?

DARNELL: Seven stores in town carry strop razors.

TILLMAN: Have somebody check them out.

DARNELL: Well, what about the press?

TILLMAN: (picking up a phone) Just the basics. No mention of this "sister" thing to anybody.

DARNELL: Okay. (Walks away)

(Various background voices in the office talk urgently about the current investigation. Camera focuses on DETECTIVE B.J. MORROW, seated at a desk. She is looking intently at TILLMAN. He gets off the phone, looks at her briefly, then walks into his office. BJ continues to stare, appearing uneasy.)

(In TILLMAN's office. We get a long look at a photograph of TILLMAN and a woman, presumably his wife. Camera pulls back to reveal TILLMAN seated at his desk drinking coffee in front of a laptop computer. BJ knocks on the door, opens it, and stands in the doorway.)

BJ: Brian, I need a minute.

TILLMAN: (somewhat irritated) I'm working on a homicide investigation. (waves her in) Come on.

BJ: (enters) You didn't show last night.

TILLMAN: This what you want to talk about?

BJ: I made dinner.

TILLMAN: (sighs in exasperation) It's not -- (gets cut off by an phone intercom buzz, and snaps at the phone) What?

INTERCOM: Sorry ... coroner's on one.

(BJ sits as TILLMAN picks up the phone.)

TILLMAN: Yeah, whattaya got, Reuben? (listens to the phone, ignoring BJ for the moment)

(BJ picks up a piece of paper and writes a note.)

TILLMAN: (still on phone) Uh-huh.

(BJ hands him the note. It reads "I'M PREGNANT." TILLMAN looks at it, then BJ. She looks at him with a somewhat embarrassed and guilty look on her face.)

TILLMAN: (on phone) Uh, hang on a second, will you, Reuben?

(TILLMAN puts the phone on hold, pauses a moment, and then rips a piece of paper from a notepad to write a note. BJ looks at him almost hopefully. He hands her the note.)

TILLMAN: This address, ten o'clock tonight.

BJ: (surprised) Where's this? (suspicion dawns on her face) A motel?

TILLMAN: It's a place we can talk.

(BJ looks disapprovingly at TILLMAN, but gets up and walks out of the office. TILLMAN crumples the "I'M PREGNANT" note and throws it out. He picks up the phone to resume his conversation, but puts it down and then holds his head in his hands in despair.)

(Later that night, at the Motel Black, BJ ascends the steps to room #6. She fumbles with her keys. As she tries to put the key in the lock, she misses and her vision blurs. She grimaces in pain, starts to hyperventilate, and looks around her in fright. Voices whisper unintelligibly. She sinks to the ground. Nearby, an engine roars into life and headlights flick on, illuminating her face in a white glare. She raises her hand to her eyes to shield them from the light, moaning softly. In grainy black-and-white footage we see the grille of an old (1940's?) truck. BJ is having a vision. In her vision, we are at the wheel of the truck, driving at night into an empty field. Reflected in the rearview mirror we see the face of a young man. The truck stops and the driver takes a large something from the truck bed, grunting with the effort. He walks with it slung over his shoulder through the field, then drops it onto the ground. It is a body. We see the driver digging a shallow grave with a shovel, backlit by the truck headlights. The scene flashes back and forth from the vision of the man digging to BJ digging in the dirt with her bare hands. She is moaning as she digs frantically. She uncovers a long bone (a femur?) and then a human skull. Her digging slows and then stops as she picks up something else from the dirt. She raises it into the light. It's a metal badge that reads: "Justice Department U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation." BJ raises her head, her mouth open in shock, and looks around her. She stands slowly, still turning around as if looking for help, but she is completely alone in the field.)




SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, D.C.
(The X-Files office. MULDER is examining several sets of dental X-rays pinned up on a lightboard. SCULLY enters from the adjoining room and stands next to him.)

SCULLY: Any cavities?

MULDER: I brush after every meal. Would you say they match?

(SCULLY examines the X-rays.)

SCULLY: Well, there's a filling on the occlusal surface of the upper left bicuspid here and here (pointing at the X-rays) and he's congenitally missing a lower left bicuspid here and here ... Yeah, I'd say they're definitely a match. Who do they belong to?

MULDER: Special Agent Sam Chaney.

SCULLY: That name sounds familiar.

MULDER: Chaney's a legend. (Picks up a file and hands it to SCULLY, who opens it and starts flipping through pages. We get a good look at a photo of Chaney.) Forty years before the Bureau started profiling violent criminals, Chaney and his partner Tim Ledbetter would work on their own time investigating what were then called "stranger killings" -- what are now called serial murders. They disappeared while investigating three murders in Aubrey, Missouri in 1942. Chaney's body wasn't found until two days ago by local detective, B.J. Morrow ... a woman.

SCULLY: What's your interest in this case?

MULDER: During their time, Chaney's and Ledbetter's ideas weren't very well received by their peers. Using psychology to solve a crime was something like, um ...

SCULLY: Believing in the paranormal?

MULDER: Exactly. (pauses) There's another mystery.

SCULLY: Which is?

MULDER: Well, I'd like to know why this policewoman would suddenly drive her car into a field the size of Rhode Island and for no rhyme or reason dig up the bones of a man who's been missing for fifty years. I mean, unless there was a neon sign saying "Dig Here" --

SCULLY: I guess that's why we're going to Aubrey.

MULDER: (slyly) Yes, and also I've always been intrigued by women named B.J. (smiles at SCULLY)




SCENE 3
CRIME SCENE
AUBREY, MISSOURI
(Shot of a shovel digging in the dirt. Pull back to reveal the crime scene: an area of the field that is staked off. MULDER and SCULLY are talking to BJ; TILLMAN stands off to the side, overseeing the excavation.)

SCULLY: Detective Morrow, exactly how did you discover the remains?

BJ: (as if she's rehearsed this explanation) I witnessed a dog digging in the ground; I proceeded to investigate and found the gravesite.

MULDER: Well, the initial police report states that you couldn't explain your actions at the time.

BJ: (slightly flustered, but recovers) It was late ... I was a bit shocked by my discovery ... I'm afraid I didn't clearly articulate exactly what happened for my initial report.

MULDER: What were you doing in the woods at that hour?

BJ: My vehicle was experiencing engine failure.

MULDER: And you left your car ... (looks around)

BJ: (pointing way across the field) Over there, sir.

(We see TILLMAN chewing on a piece of straw. He is looking away from the group but is paying close attention to what is being said.)

MULDER: Would you say that's uh ... four or five hundred yards?

BJ: (looks back and forth at the distance) Yes, sir.

MULDER: So from that distance, you could see a dog digging in this field at night?

(TILLMAN turns around abruptly and walks over to the three.)

TILLMAN: She was taking a shortcut through the woods to reach a phone. The path led her through the field.

MULDER: Well, the report says she phoned in from the Motel Black just up the road there. That's not a very short cut.

TILLMAN: It seems like you're more interested in how the missing agent was found than in how he got here in the first place. You don't, uh, suspect her, do you?

MULDER: No, no, not at all. I would just like to ask Detective Morrow a few more questions.

BJ: All right.

MULDER: Have you ever, um, have you ever had any clairvoyant experiences? Premonitions, visions, precognitive dreams, things like that?

(BJ is taken aback.)

TILLMAN: (scoffing) What the hell kind of question is that?

BJ: (incredulously) Dreams?

MULDER: Yeah.

TILLMAN: (condescendingly) Look, Agent Mulder, I don't mean to be rude, but we have a lot to do. If you have any further questions specifically pertaining to your investigation of this crime, please feel free to call. Come on, B.J.

(TILLMAN walks off. BJ follows absently. SCULLY and MULDER share a look.)




SCENE 4
CORONER'S OFFICE
EXAMINING ROOM C
(An examination room. Close-up of a bone fragment through a magnifying glass. Pull back to reveal SCULLY examining bones laid out on a table.)

SCULLY: These bones are in good condition. But I think the field may have been tilled shortly after Chaney was buried; there are small cuts on the top three ribs. I don't think they were made by an animal.

MULDER: (Sitting on a tabletop perusing a small black leather journal) Listen to this, Scully. "One must wonder how these monsters are created." Chaney wrote this. "Did their home life mold them into creatures that must maim and kill, or are they demons from birth?"

SCULLY: Well, that's poetic but it doesn't help us much. What did he say about the 1942 homicides?

MULDER: (looking at a file) Well, the press called the murderer "The Slash Killer." His three victims were all young women aged twenty-five to thirty. (Flips through a series of gruesome black and white photographs.) He disabled them with a blow to the head.

(SCULLY picks up Chaney's skull, turns it to reveal a jagged hole in the back of the skull.)

MULDER: He would carve the word "SISTER" on their chests and paint it on the wall with their blood.

<SCULLY picks up another bone, a rib, and looks at it thoughtfully.)

MULDER: The victims bled to death. The murderer was never found.

SCULLY: Mulder, these cuts on the ribs -- they could have been made by a razor.

MULDER: Can you make out a word?

SCULLY: No, but we might be able to if we can find somebody in Aubrey who has a digital scanner.

(Somewhat later. SCULLY is seated at a computer eating a cookie. The screen reads, "FBI IMAGE ANALYSIS. Please Wait.")

SCULLY: I've scanned the images from the crime photo and the ribcage and loaded them to Quantico. It's gonna be a few more seconds before the hookup.

MULDER: I checked with the precinct mechanic. BJ's car was just tuned. She lied about experiencing engine failure. (Sits down next to SCULLY and helps himself to a cookie.)

SCULLY: Mulder, I don't think BJ was in the woods that night because of engine failure.

MULDER: (with mouthful of cookie) What are you talking about?

SCULLY: Well, the Motel Black would have been the perfect meeting place -- away from town, away from his wife ...

MULDER: What do you mean?

SCULLY: It's obvious BJ and Tillman are having an affair.

MULDER: How do you know?

SCULLY: A woman senses these things.

MULDER: (scoffs) Aw ... pshaw.

(Computer beeps. Both turn to the screen, which displays two ribcages side-by-side.)

SCULLY: The image on the right is Chaney's ribcage. The one on the left was extrapolated from the crime photo of the Slash Killer's last victim. Now I need to enlarge the victim's ribcage in order to allow for gender difference. (Taps busily on keyboard.) And now, we can compare them. (Computer beeps and reads, "ATTEMPT MATCH IMAGE COMPARE NO MATCH".)

MULDER: Could he have carved out another word on his ribcage?

(SCULLY types some more. The images of the ribcages zoom closer and the screen reads "ATTEMPT FUZZY MATCH".)

SCULLY: I'm searching for any matching pattern of cuts.

(BJ appears at the door.)

BJ: Agent Mulder? Have you made any progress in the investigation?

MULDER: Uh, we may have. It seems Agent Chaney might have been a victim of the killer he was trying to catch. We're trying to determine if the cuts on his ribcage spell out a word right now.

(BJ walks into the room, staring at the bones as if in a trance. She has a B&W vision of Chaney being dealt a blow to the head and then of a razor upraised and descending on Chaney's neck. She staggers.)

MULDER: You all right?

BJ: (recovering) I'm sorry. Something I ... I'm not fee--- ... (swallows convulsively) Excuse me. (Turns and leaves the room abruptly.)

(MULDER and SCULLY look at each other.)




SCENE 5
(In the women's restroom, BJ is rinsing her mouth at a sink. She's obviously just vomited. SCULLY enters and gets a paper towel, offers it to BJ.)

SCULLY: Feeling better?

BJ: I'm fine now. (Ignores SCULLY's outstretched paper towel, reaches across SCULLY to get her own paper towel and begins to dry her face.)

SCULLY: Things must be difficult for you now. I've had ... feelings for people I've worked with. Interoffice relationships can be complicated ... especially when he's married.

(BJ ignores SCULLY, throws out the paper towel.)

SCULLY: (with penetrating insight and feminine intuition) You're pregnant, aren't you?

(BJ is shocked, turns to face SCULLY, then turns away. She says nothing. SCULLY, sensing that her advances are not welcome, turns and begins to leave.)

BJ: Does it show?

SCULLY: No, not yet.

BJ: (somewhat relieved, begins to open up) Now I know why my mother only had one child. She told me about the nausea, but not about the nightmares.

SCULLY: (returning to BJ) Nightmares?

BJ: (nervously arranging her hair) It's always the same. I'm in a house, it feels familiar. There's a woman that's been hurt. There's a mirror... I see a man's reflection. I recognize his face, but I don't know it. What I remember most is the blood. There's a lot of blood.

SCULLY: Have you talked to anyone about these nightmares?

BJ: I'm sure it's something about the pregnancy. If anyone else knew I was pregnant ... Brian would kill me if I told anyone.

SCULLY: What are you going to do?

BJ: I don't know.

(SCULLY leaves the restroom and returns to the examining room. She sits down at the computer next to MULDER.)




SCENE 6
SCULLY: (with only a slight touch of "I told you so") Well, BJ's pregnant, and Tillman's the father.

(MULDER looks suitably surprised and impressed. However, both return to strictly business as BJ walks into the room.)

MULDER: Um, I've approximated the pattern of the cuts to match up with letters. There's a 93% chance that this is the letter R (pointing at the computer screen). If we lower the probability to 79%, we get the letters I, E, and R.

(As SCULLY and MULDER are engrossed by the computer screen, BJ turns around to the bones on the table and moves toward them, staring at them intently.)

SCULLY: Well, it could be a word, or it could just be random slashes.

MULDER: If we exhumed one of the Slash Killer's victims, we could do a CT scan to determine if the cuts were made by the same type of instrument.

SCULLY: Well, that means getting a court order. It could take a couple of days. Maybe we could find a relative who could speed up the process.

(BJ, standing over the bones, moves her hand over the ribs as if writing a word. Her mouth moves as if she's saying the same word.)

BJ: (hoarsely) Brother.

MULDER: Excuse me?

BJ: I know what it says. On the ribcage. It spells "Brother." (She joins the agents at the computer.)

(TILLMAN enters the room unnoticed. MULDER types on the keyboard, the computer does some lightning fast computations, and displays "MATCH STRING SET. BROTHER AT 68%")

MULDER: You're right.

TILLMAN: BJ?

(All turn to face TILLMAN.)

BJ: (almost guilty) Brian.

TILLMAN: What's going on here, BJ?

BJ: (defensive) Nothing.

TILLMAN: Really? Then where'd you get these? (Picks up the file of 1942 photos MULDER was looking at earlier. Angrily.) These are crime scene photos. They were sealed. No one had access to 'em.

MULDER: I think you're mistaken. Those were shot in 1942.

TILLMAN: (shaking the file at MULDER) These are evidence of a homicide that occurred three days ago.

SCULLY: No, those were from a case that Agent Ledbetter and Agent Chaney were investigating in 1942 before they disappeared.

(TILLMAN stares at the file in his hands.)

CASE NO. D-147816 REF 44-9A
AUBREY POLICE DEPARTMENT
CRIMINAL PACKAGE REFERENCE RECORD

BRADSHAW, ANTONIA
EBERHARDT, KATHY
VAN CLEEF, LAURA
HOM, RAPE 1942
CASE NO D 147816

(TILLMAN flips through the photos, then looks up at the three.)

TILLMAN: Three days ago, a young woman was murdered and the word "SISTER" was carved into her chest and painted on the wall. Only myself, the coroner, and one of my men knew about this.

(There is a brief but significant silence. Suddenly DARNELL rushes into the room.)

DARNELL: Excuse me, sir, we just got a call. There's been another one.

(TILLMAN, MULDER, SCULLY, and BJ enter the pool area of what is probably the local YMCA. The pool is empty. Various policemen and detectives are at the scene, inside the drained pool, taking pictures and gathering evidence. Prominent is the word "SISTER" painted on the wall of the pool.)

POLICEMAN: (to TILLMAN descends a ladder into the pool) Watch your step, sir.

ANOTHER OFFICER: (to TILLMAN as he approaches the victim) Victim's name is Verna Johnson.

(The four advance toward the victim, who is lying on the floor of the pool in the deep end. The sheet is drawn back, revealing the face of a young woman streaked with blood. "SISTER" is carved on her chest.)

BJ: Oh my god. (Everyone stares at her.)

SCULLY: BJ?

BJ: (shaky) It's her. It's the woman in my dream.




SCENE 7
LINCOLN PARK
AUBREY, MISSOURI
(A little blond girl is running through autumn leaves with a dog. She stumbles and falls.)

GIRL: Ow!

(At the sound, BJ stands up and looks over, wanting to help. However, the girl's mother goes over to the girl quickly and comforts her. BJ slowly looks away and sits back down at a picnic table with MULDER and SCULLY)

MOTHER: (very faint in the distance) Honey dear, you're fine.

BJ: The mothering instinct. I've been feeling it a lot lately. I used to hate it when my mother hovered over me. I swore I'd never be like her.

(The mother has helped the girl up onto her feet and they are walking away.)

MULDER: I think we all feel that way at one time or another.

BJ: My father was a cop. A good cop. That's all I ever wanted to be. He'd say what we're doing here is nonsense. That you can't solve a crime from a dream.

MULDER: Well, I've often felt that dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask. (pause) You said you were in a familiar house?

BJ: (nodding) There's a woman that's been hurt ... I look in a mirror and I see a man's reflection.

MULDER: What does he look like?

BJ: He's got a ... rash on his face. And his eyes are ... intense.

MULDER: Do you remember anything else?

BJ: There's this ... strange picture on the wall behind him. It's a building like the Washington Monument, but different. And there's a ... a big circular thing beside it.

MULDER: You think you could draw it?

BJ: Sure.

(MULDER hands her a pen and SCULLY gives her a pad of paper. BJ draws a tall isosceles triangle on the left and then a circle on the right, which slightly overlaps the base of the triangle. She shows the drawing to the agents.)

BJ: It looks something like this.

SCULLY: What do you think it is?

(BJ shrugs.)

MULDER: Could be the Trylon and the Perisphere. Have you ever been to New York City?

BJ: No, never.

MULDER: You can get pictures of these on postcards all over Times Square. These were the symbols of the 1939 World's Fair.

SCULLY: Do you know why they might have been in your dream?

BJ: No idea at all.

(MULDER looks again at BJ's drawing.)




SCENE 8
(Somewhere in the Aubrey police station. Screen shot of a folder cover that reads:)

CIMARRON COUNTY
CATALOGUE NO. 4756
1942

(The folder is opened. BJ is looking through it, scanning old mug shots. TILLMAN approaches.)

TILLMAN: You're here kinda late. (sits down with a grunt) What are you lookin' for?

BJ: Just want to check on something. (continues flipping busily through the pages)

TILLMAN: (looks closer at what she's doing) I don't get it. That book's from the 1940s.

(BJ ignores him.)

TILLMAN: (looks around nervously) Can we talk? (pause) You know, I'm willin' to go with ya ... for the appointment.

BJ: I'm not so sure it's what I wanna do.

TILLMAN: I thought we agreed that it was the best thing for both of us.

(BJ keeps looking at photos until TILLMAN slams his hand down over the page. They stare at each other.)

BJ: I changed my mind.

TILLMAN: What do you mean you changed your mind? You can't just change your mind. This isn't your decision, it's our decision! BJ!

(BJ has continued looking at mug shots. She focuses on one, a man with a scarred-looking face, and breathes in sharply.)

BJ: It's him! Brian ... I have to go. (stands up and walks away, leaving TILLMAN confused.)




SCENE 9
HIGHWAY 377
MISSOURI/NEBRASKA BORDER
(We are driving down a rural highway.)

SCULLY: (v/o) This is the man BJ claims to have seen in her dream.

(Mug shot of the man BJ recognized.)

SCULLY: (v/o) Harry Cokely. He lives in Gainesville, Nebraska since his release from Macalester Penitentiary on December fifth, 1993.

(MULDER is driving; SCULLY is reading from a file.)

SCULLY: He was convicted in 1945 for rape and attempted murder. Cokely carved "SISTER" on the chest of his victim, Linda Thibedeaux, before she was able to escape and get help from a neighbor.

(Shot of a portait of an attractive young blond woman, 1940's style hair and dress.)

MULDER: And the police never made the connection to the 1942 homicides?

SCULLY: No.

MULDER: Well, I don't want to jump to any rash conclusions, but I'd say he's definitely our prime suspect.

SCULLY: But Mulder, the man we're talking about is 77 years old.

MULDER: George Foreman won the heavyweight crown at 45. Some people are late bloomers.

(SCULLY goes back to looking through the file.)

MULDER: Anyway, this still doesn't explain BJ's connection to all this.

SCULLY: What if it's cryptamnesia?

MULDER: You mean consciously forgotten information?

SCULLY: Yeah. BJ told us that her father was a policeman in the area. What if she heard him discussing the 1942 case when she was young? She might have even seen pictures of Cokely .

MULDER: Yeah, but that still doesn't explain why she would go into a field and unearth the grave of an FBI agent.

SCULLY: What if the recent murders triggered what was previously buried in her mind ... some connection she'd unconsciously made that no one else had been able to make.

MULDER: You mean a hunch?

SCULLY: Yeah, something like that.

MULDER: Well, that's a pretty extreme hunch.

SCULLY: I seem to recall you having some pretty extreme hunches.

MULDER: (grinning) I never have.

(SCULLY smiles too.)




SCENE 10
(Somewhat later, the agents are driving down a dirt road flanked by stark, winter-bare trees. They approach a decrepit two-story farmhouse and park the car. They knock on the door. Slow footsteps approach the door and open it.)

MULDER: Harry Cokely?

COKELY: Yeah?

(COKELY looks at the agents suspiciously. He is an old, acerbic-looking man with intense eyes and a blistered-looking face. An oxygen tube runs to his nose.)

MULDER: I'm Special Agent Mulder, this is Special Agent Scully. We're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. May we come in?

(Grudgingly, COKELY turns and motions them in. As he walks away, we see that he is carting an oxygen tank. SCULLY shuts the door behind them. They enter the living room, which is where COKELY seems to do most of his living, such as it is. There is an unmade bed, an armchair, and the TV is on. The air is wreathed in shadow and in smoke as COKELY sits in the armchair and lights a cigarette, in spite of the fact that there is already one smoking in the ashtray. MULDER and SCULLY remain standing.)

SCULLY: Mr. Cokely, our records show that in 1942, you lived in Terrence, Nebraska, an hour's drive away from Aubrey, Missouri. During that time, three women were murdered in Aubrey. (COKELY is coughing hoarsely.) Their assailant had mutilated their bodies with a razor in the same manner that you slashed Mrs. Linda Thibedeaux's body in 1945.

COKELY: I don't remember much about that.

SCULLY: Well, I'm sure Mrs. Thibedeaux will never forget it.

(COKELY narrows his eyes at SCULLY, the looks away.)

COKELY: (slowly and deliberately, with a pronounced midwestern drawl) Doctors said I was sick back then. They gave me some pills. I served my time, and now I'm better.

SCULLY: What kind of pills?

COKELY: Red and white ones, little sister.

(SCULLY looks at him with thinly-veiled disgust. MULDER shows him a photo of Agent Chaney.)

MULDER: Do you recognize this man? His name's Chaney.

COKELY: No.

MULDER: He was an FBI agent who was also murdered in Aubrey in 1942. Can you tell me where you were about 8:35 PM two nights ago, Mr. Cokely?

COKELY: Sittin' right where I am now.

MULDER: Do you have a witness to testify to that?

COKELY: (turning mean) Are you blind? (gestures at the tank) I can't leave the house without this damn thing! I sit right here in front of that TV twenty-four hours a day. And on the night you're talkin' about, I was sittin' here watching a show about a lost dog. Then after that, it was a show about --

SCULLY: (interrupting him) That won't be necessary.

COKELY: Good. Now, are you about finished with me, little sister? (Takes a drag on the cigarette.)

SCULLY: For now. (if looks could kill ... )

(COKELY continues to smoke and cough and MULDER and SCULLY leave the house.)




SCENE 11
(BJ's bedroom at night. A strong wind is blowing the curtains around an open window. BJ is in bed, sleeping. Various wind and banging sounds as the shutters hit the house. Headlights pass by the window and they segue directly into BJ's B&W dream. Again we see the grille of the old truck. In real life, lightning illuminates BJ's face; in her dream the flash shines on an upheld straight razor that slashes down. Thunder crashes and BJ wakes up screaming. She grabs her gun and points it around the room, but there's no one there. The shutter bangs and BJ relaxes, putting a hand to her forehead. She feels something there and looks at her hand in the darkness. She turns on the bedside lamp and discovers that she's covered in blood ... her face, her hands, her chest. There is blood on the lampshade, too. Moaning, she stumbles into the bathroom and turns on the light. She looks at herself in the mirror, grabs a towel from the rack and wets it in the sink. As she cleans herself, bloody water washes down the drain. She dabs the blood from the chest and discovers to her horror that "SISTER" is carved there. Not knowing what to do, she stumbles back in to the bedroom and closes the bathroom door. In the full-length mirror there she sees the reflection of YOUNG COKELY. She screams and whirls around but he's not there. She screams again and falls to the floor, sobbing. She has another B&W vision. In this vision, a crowbar pries up a floorboard. A man, grunting, drags a body in a gunny sack and dumps it under the floor. Cut immediately to BJ, also ripping up floorboards with a crowbar. She's in someone else's house, in the cellar.)

WOMAN: (coming down the stairs with TILLMAN, SCULLY, and MULDER) She seemed to be in trouble but when I opened the door, she just barged in and ... and came running down the stairs. So I called the police.

BJ: (moaning frantically and throwing floorboards aside) He's here ... he's here!

TILLMAN: BJ, what happened? (holding BJ and noticing her blood-soaked shirt) Oh my god.

BJ: (still sobbing, whispers) He's here ...

TILLMAN: Oh my god. I'm taking her to the hospital. (Escorts her up the stairs.)

(MULDER kneels down and looks at what BJ has unearthed from the floor. He pulls up an old, dirt-covered gunny sack full of bones. He and SCULLY share a look.)




SCENE 12
MEMORIAL HOSPITAL
AUBREY, MISSOURI
(Hospital exterior, night. Then BJ's room in the hospital. A nurse leaves the room as SCULLY and MULDER enter. SCULLY hands a paper bag of clothes to BJ, who is sitting up in bed.)

SCULLY: Thought you might need these.

BJ: (pulling an article of clothing from the bag and smiling) Thanks.

SCULLY: You hurt yourself.

(BJ looks down at her left hand, which is blistered. It looks like it was burnt in acid.)

MULDER: Can you tell us what happened, BJ?

BJ: (with certainty) Cokely. He was in the room.

SCULLY: Cokely attacked you?

BJ: Yes. (looking down at her chest) He must have done this while I was asleep.

MULDER: You're sure it was him.

BJ: I know it was him. I saw his reflection in the mirror. He looked just like his picture.

MULDER: Like his mug shot?

BJ: (nodding) Yes.

MULDER: But that's the picture of a young man.

BJ: But it was Cokely. I swear it was him.

SCULLY: Well, I'll have Tillman pick him up. (Looks at MULDER with a "let's humor her" look.)




SCENE 13
(An interrogation room in the Aubrey police station. COKELY and TILLMAN are seated at a table; MULDER and SCULLY are standing.)

TILLMAN: Where were you last night?

COKELY: (obviously disgusted with this business) Honolulu.

TILLMAN: You were in Aubrey, weren't ya?

(COKELY has a coughing fit.)

TILLMAN: How'd ya get into Detective Morrow's house?

COKELY: It's all I can do to get to the bathroom, you damn fool!

TILLMAN: The victim has identified you, Mr. Cokely.

COKELY: I already paid for my crime.

TILLMAN: We'll, I'm gonna see that you pay more.

COKELY: I never touched that woman!

(MULDER notices that COKELY's left hand is blistered, similar to BJ's.)

COKELY: And I'm not answering any more questions without a lawyer. (pause) Get me a lawyer.




SCENE 14
(In MULDER's motel room. He's eating sunflower seeds over a picture of YOUNG COKELY. Someone knocks at the door.)

SCULLY: (outside) Mulder?

MULDER: It's open.

(SCULLY enters, carrying some papers.)

SCULLY: I have the preliminary results from the genetic testing from the blood found under Verna Johnson's nails. They checked it against Cokely's. The PGM subtype matches, the DQF and the D-1S are the same.

MULDER: Cokely's blood?

SCULLY: The results strongly suggest that. Imagine the strength of this man's psychosis still driving him to murder after fifty years.

MULDER: But for some reason he let BJ live.

SCULLY: Well, she's not the first. Mrs. Thibedeaux also survived his attack back in 1945.

MULDER: I think it's time we paid a visit to Mrs. Thibedeaux.

(They gather up their things and leave the room.)




SCENE 15
THIBEDEAUX RESIDENCE
EDMOND, NEBRASKA
(Exterior of a neat suburban ranch house. The agents pull up in an SUV. Cut to the same picture of MRS. THIBEDEAUX as a young woman that we saw earlier in COKELY's file.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (v/o) That was taken three weeks before it happened.

(Camera pan from picture to MRS. THIBEDEAUX's face. She looks grandmotherly, but there is a prominent scar near her right eye. It looks like she was slashed there.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: I haven't had a picture taken since.

(MRS. THIBEDEAUX, MULDER, and SCULLY are standing in the foyer. A staircase leads up to a landing.)

MULDER: (indicating other pictures that line the wall of the stairs) Is this your husband?

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: That's, uh, Martin. He was a good man. He passed last June. If it hadn't been for him I never would have survived.

SCULLY: I know this goes back a long way, Mrs. Thibedeaux, but can you tell us what happened the night Harry Cokely attacked you?

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (slowly, remembering) It happened up there, on the landing. I remember how the light from the window ... bounced off the razor. It, it had an ivory handle. He, he kept saying, "Someone's gotta take the blame, little sister, and it isn't gonna be me." They tried to explain at the trial how his father used to beat him and how he was the only son in a family of five daughters, and how he was brutally punished for everything wrong that happened.

(MULDER is looking at more pictures on the wall. He focuses on one photo of MRS. THIBEDEAUX and her husband posing in front of the Trylon and the Perisphere -- the shapes from BJ's dream.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: But if you ask me, that man was born evil.

MULDER: No children?

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (shaking her head) No. None.

MULDER: Mrs. Thibedeaux, our records show that you recuperated from your injuries within two months. But nine months later you checked back into the hospital.

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: Well, I ... I had complications.

MULDER: (stepping closer to her) What happened to the child? (pause) Cokely's child.

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (defensive) I gave the baby to an adoption agency. Baby! He'd be almost fifty now ... (Goes to her portrait on the wall and pulls a scrap of paper from behind it. Gives the paper to MULDER.) This is the address of the adoption agency. If you do find him ... no, never mind.




SCENE 16
(MULDER's motel room. Papers and sunflower seeds are scattered about.)

SCULLY: The bones BJ found under the house belong to Chaney's partner, Agent Ledbetter. Cokely rented the house in 1942. The detectives at the crime scene found an old straight razor under the house, they're trying to lift some prints. And Cokely's been released, but I think we have enough to nail him.

MULDER: (shaking his head) Something just doesn't track, Scully. The night she was attacked, BJ said she saw a younger man.

SCULLY: Yeah, but you know the state of mind she was in that night. She, she could have been mistaken.

MULDER: No, maybe she did see a younger man -- young Cokely. Cokely's grandson.

SCULLY: Are you saying Cokely's grandson attacked BJ?

MULDER: It would make sense, Scully. Genetic traits often skip a generation. And that would explain the test results of the blood found under Verna Johnson's fingernails. PGM subtypes are similar among relatives. Did Danny call back with the adoption records yet? Did you get 'em?

SCULLY: (dialing a phone number) I don't think Mendel had serial killers in mind when he developed his theory on genetics.

MULDER: When I was a, a kid, I would have nightmares. I would wake up in the middle of the night, thinking I was the only person left in the world. Then I would hear this. (Crunches loudly on a sunflower seed.)

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: My dad would be in the study eating these.

SCULLY: (on the phone) Yeah, Danny Valladeo, it's Agent Scully. (to MULDER) What does that have to do with Cokely?

MULDER: Well, on a basic cellular level, we're the sum total of all our ancestors' biological matter. But what if more than biological traits get passed down from generation to generation? What if I like sunflower seeds because I'm genetically predisposed to liking them?

SCULLY: But children aren't born liking sunflower seeds. Environments shape them; behavior patterns are taught.

MULDER: There are countless stories of twins separated at birth who end up in the same occupation, marrying the same kind of people, each naming their child Waldo.

SCULLY: Waldo?

MULDER: Jung wrote about it when he talked about the collective unconscious. It's genetic memory, Scully.

SCULLY: (on phone) Yeah, Danny. (pause as she listens, then shock spreads across her face) Yeah, thanks, I'll tell him. (hangs up the phone) Danny tracked down Mrs. Thibedeaux's son. He was a policeman named Raymond Morrow.

MULDER: That's BJ's father.

SCULLY: BJ is Cokely's granddaughter.

MULDER: She's responsible for the murders.

SCULLY: Mulder ...

MULDER: Get your coat. Let's go.

(MULDER grabs his coat and walks out. SCULLY follows.)

SCULLY: Wait, Mulder. Do you honestly think that BJ is capable of murder?

MULDER: No, but Cokely is, and that's who BJ has become.

SCULLY: That's outrageous!

MULDER: Scully, this is what I think. I think that Cokely's memories, his compulsions have been passed on genetically to his granddaughter BJ. That's what's driving her to kill.

SCULLY: So you're saying that BJ's nightmares are real? That, that she's out there killing these women and carving "SISTER" on them?

MULDER: Yes.

SCULLY: Well then how do you explain the cuts on her own chest?

MULDER: I can't explain everything. Maybe she carved them on herself, or maybe it's some kind of weird stigmata. Whatever it is, BJ is not herself.

SCULLY: Where are we going?

MULDER: We have to warn Mrs. Thibedeaux. If BJ has, in the sense that I'm talking about, become Cokely, then she might be trying to finish what Cokely started.




SCENE 17
(MRS. THIBEDEAUX's house. In the kitchen, MRS. THIBEDEAUX, wearing an apron, closes the oven which she has just finished cleaning. She picks up a bucket and a bottle of ammonia and carries them into the adjoining utility room. Back in the kitchen, a gloved hand picks up the clothes iron, which was sitting on the ironing board. In the utility room, MRS. THIBEDEAUX is folding the apron. She hears a sound and turns around to see BJ rushing to attack her with the iron. MRS. THIBEDEAUX throws the ammonia in BJ's face. BJ claws at her face. Now her face is blistered like COKELY's. MRS. THIBEDEAUX has escaped into another room, where she opens a drawer and pulls out a revolver. BJ approaches her, but stops a few feet away as MRS. THIBEDEAUX aims the gun at BJ.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: Stop it!

BJ: (in a hoarse, deeper voice) Somebody's gotta take the blame, little sister ...

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (shaking the gun) No, no, no. You're not him! You can't be!

(BJ continues advancing slowly toward MRS. THIBEDEAUX, who backs away slowly.)

BJ: ... and it's not gonna be me.

(As MRS. THIBEDEAUX backs up toward the stairs, BJ raises a straight razor in her right hand.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: I'm not afraid to use this!

(They keep backing up the stairs, eyes locked. MRS. THIBEDEAUX is on the landing where she was attacked 50 years ago.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: You have his eyes! You're ... him!

(As BJ passes the pictures on the wall, she sees the picture of MRS. THIBEDEAUX and her husband at the World's Fair. She stares at it.)

BJ: No ...

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: You're my grandchild. (Lowers the hand holding the gun.)

(It takes a few seconds for this to sink in. Then BJ snarls and continues up the stairs, brandishing the razor.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (hysterically) Do you know what you're doing?!

BJ: Shut up!

(BJ reaches MRS. THIBEDEAUX and rips open her shirt, revealing the scar of "SISTER". BJ then opens her own shirt and looks at the "SISTER" carved there. MRS. THIBEDEAUX has dropped the gun.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: He's done this to both of us.

(BJ looks for a moment as if she might give in and return to normal, but the COKELY urge gains control and she raises the razor again.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: No! You don't know what you're doing! He's the one to blame!

(MRS. THIBEDEAUX falls to the floor, turning her head away from BJ. The razor glints in the light. As it begins to fall, we hear MRS. THIBEDEAUX scream.)

(The agents' SUV screeches to a halt in front of MRS. THIBEDEAUX's house. MULDER opens the door and walks in, looking around.)

MULDER: Mrs. Thibedeaux? Mrs. Thibedeaux!

(SCULLY comes in and sees her.)

SCULLY: Mulder. (She rushes up the stairs to the landing, where MRS. THIBEDEAUX is slumped against the wall, holding a hand over her chest. She appears unhurt.) Mrs. Thibedeaux. What happened?

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: She had a razor. She tried to kill me. But something stopped her.

MULDER: Where did she go?

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: I don't know.

(MULDER goes down the stairs and picks up the phone, dials 911. SCULLY helps MRS. THIBEDEAUX to her feet.)

SCULLY: Can you stand?

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: Yes, I think so.

SCULLY: Let me help you up the steps.

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: Thank you.

MULDER: (on the phone) This is Agent Mulder, I need an ambulance to 238 North 54th Street. I also need an APB on BJ Morrow. Yes, that's Detective Morrow. She should be considered armed and dangerous.

SCULLY: BJ's going after Tillman. The first murder occurred after BJ found out she was pregnant. She's looking for someone to blame. I think that's Tillman.

MULDER: (dialing another number) I don't think so, Scully. I think if she's gonna go after anyone, it'll be Cokely.

SCULLY: Why?

MULDER: She's probably figured out by now that Cokely's her grandfather. If she's looking for someone to blame, it'll be him. Cokely's not answering his phone. I'm going over there. (He hangs up and walks out of the house, leaving SCULLY to take care of MRS. THIBEDEAUX.)




SCENE 18
POLICE HEADQUARTERS
AUBREY, MISSOURI
(Inside, MRS. THIBEDEAUX is evidently giving a statement.)

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: She had a razor.

(TILLMAN rushes into the room.)

TILLMAN: Agent Scully, I gotta talk to you.

SCULLY: I'm giving a statement.

TILLMAN: You've accused BJ of murder?!

SCULLY: Can we talk about this outside?

TILLMAN: No! Here! Now!

SCULLY: Have you seen Detective Morrow?

TILLMAN: No, I have not. But I don't care what you've accused her of, Detective Morrow could not hurt anybody!

SCULLY: (gesturing to MRS. THIBEDEAUX) Detective Morrow broke into this woman's house and attacked her with a razor.

TILLMAN: Oh, come on! I do not believe that!

MRS. THIBEDEAUX: (grimly) It's true. It happened.




SCENE 19
(COKELY's living room. An old B&W movie is playing on the TV. I'm not a fan of classic movies, but I'm sure the actors are famous. They look familiar.)

MAN ON TV: Look, Hildie, I only acted like any husband who didn't want to see his home broken up.

WOMAN ON TV: What home?

MAN ON TV: What home? Don't you remember the home I promised you?

(COKELY walks into the room and glances at the TV.)

WOMAN ON TV: Sure I do, that was the one we were going to have right after the honeymoon. (laughs sarcastically) Yeah, honeymoon.

(COKELY sits down in his armchair.)

MAN ON TV: Well, was it my fault now that that coal mine was gonna have another cave-in? I intended to be with you on our honeymoon, Hildie, honest I did.

(TV sound fades. Cokely adjusts himself in his chair, grunting. He starts to put his oxygen tube around his head, but discovers that the tube has been cut. He hears a creak and the sound of a closing door. He looks up and around suspiciously and places the useless tube on the end table next to him. He picks up the remote control and switches off the TV. Leaning forward in the chair, he continues to scan his surroundings. In the other room, he spots the shadow of a figure. He gets to his feet, flicking open a straight razor in his right hand.)

COKELY: Who's there?

(Holding the straight razor by his side, he walks slowly into the other room. Outside, MULDER pulls up in his SUV and gets out.)

MULDER: (running toward the house) Cokely?

(Inside, COKELY is searching the house.)

COKELY: Who's there?

(COKELY turns the corner into a room and sees BJ in the shadows. BJ points the razor directly at him and starts advancing toward him.)

COKELY: No ...

BJ: (in a deep hoarse voice, waving the razor) How does it feel to be on the other side of the razor, brother? (She slashes at him, but misses. He cringes backward.)

COKELY: Shut up!

(BJ slashes him again, this time slicing him in the chest. Outside, MULDER is running around a corner of the house, drawing his weapon. In the background, we see the old 1940's truck from BJ's dream. It is in mint condition.)

COKELY: (eyes wide with fright, cowering) No! No! Please ... no!

BJ: (holding the bloody razor over him) You know the rules. This doesn't stop 'til you're dead. (She slashes again as COKELY screams.)

(MULDER has entered the house and is walking around with his weapon drawn and in a ready position.)

MULDER: Cokely! Cokely? (hears moaning, finds COKELY slumped on the floor, wheezing and bleeding. Behind him, he hears BJ charging at him with a roar. She knocks him right in the head with the oxygen tank. Ouch! MULDER falls on the floor, groaning. Quickly BJ stands over MULDER, straddling him and holding the razor over his head. MULDER tries feebly to slide away.)

MULDER: No, don't. BJ.

(In BJ's mind, MULDER has changed into CHANEY. She leans down over him.)

CHANEY with MULDER'S VOICE: Don't. Don't! No!

(BJ slashes down with the razor, but stops just short of slashing MULDER's throat.)

BJ: (in a deep hoarse voice) This time you'll stay dead.

(MULDER winces at the blade against his neck.)

SCULLY: Freeze! (Audibly she cocks her weapon; she's got BJ covered.)

TILLMAN: (also aiming his gun at BJ) BJ, what are you doing?!

(BJ looks up at them, then down at MULDER.)

SCULLY: Let him go. Let him go, BJ.

BJ: (in the deep voice) I'm not BJ.

MULDER: Yes, you are.

(BJ slides the blade against MULDER's throat, drawing blood. SCULLY tenses her finger on the trigger. In the corner, COKELY wheezes, draws his last breath, and expires. SCULLY goes to him and checks his carotid pulse with left hand, still covering BJ with her gun in her right hand.)

SCULLY: He's dead.

(BJ seems to deflate at the news. She withdraws the blade from MULDER's neck and sits down next to him weakly, moaning quietly. TILLMAN walks over and helps her up.)

TILLMAN: Come on.

(SCULLY goes to MULDER and raises him up from the floor. TILLMAN has seated BJ in a chair and is touching her face and her arms reassuringly.)

TILLMAN: It's all right, BJ. It's gonna be all right. It's gonna be okay. (He looks at SCULLY in desperation.)

(SCULLY cradles MULDER's head protectively.)

(SCULLY is typing her report on the computer.)

SCULLY: (v/o) We are continuing with genetic testing on Detective Morrow. Evidence suggests the presence of a mutator gene that has activated previously dormant genes, but the results so far are inconclusive.




SCENE 20
SHAMROCK WOMEN'S PRISON
PSYCHIATRIC WARD, HIGH SECURITY
(We are advancing along a long, grim prison corridor. SCULLY's voice-over continues.)

SCULLY: (v/o) Detective Morrow has not demonstrated any further physiological changes. Extensive blood work and psychological testing has been conducted in order to determine whether the pregnancy could have been a catalyst for the transformation. We have yet to determine the effects on the fetus.

(In BJ's room. She is leaning against the corner on her cot wearing prison orange. She is very pregnant.)

SCULLY: (v/o) Amniocentesis results show no genetic abnormalities. Chromosome testing has determined the child's sex to be male. BJ is on her second week of suicide watch after an unsuccessful attempt to abort her son. Lieutenant Tillman has petitioned to adopt the child, and the case will soon be presented to the courts.

(BJ's hand slowly rubs her pregnant belly.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
JANELLI-HELLER FUNERAL HOME
A teenage girl stands at a pulpit, delivering a difficult eulogy.
YOUNG WOMAN: ...I think we all feel an empty place not just in our hearts but in our lives. Everybody loved Jennifer, not just because she was a special person...but because she was the kind of friend who was always there for you. We'll all miss you, Jennifer. We'll miss your smile...we'll miss your laugh and your sense of humor. We'll miss the time we could have spent together. We'll keep those memories close to our hearts until we meet again in God's kingdom.

Mourners filing past the coffin.

Move to Donnie Pfaster, an employee of the funeral home, standing near a door to the side of the pulpit. His eyes betray a fire of fascination. This look evaporates when Jackson Toews, his supervisor, enters near Donnie.

TOEWS (quietly): The family has requested a graveside service now. I've rescheduled the burial to tomorrow afternoon. We'll keep the body overnight.

The mourners have left by now. Donnie's approaching the coffin, looking at the girl.

DONNIE (sincerely): Such a beautiful girl.

Donnie strokes the girl's hair lovingly, then closes the lid.

CUT TO:
The funeral hall, at night. Jackson Toews enters a dark room, looking for something. He hears noise, turns, staring into the darkness.

TOEWS: Hello?

The room is still. A sound of a coffin being closed.

TOEWS (he's really spooked now): who's there?

A shadowy form is drifting through the coffins.

TOEWS: I said, who's there?

The form is a silhouette of a gargoyle-like, demonic creature. Toews turns in terror, finds the light switch, flips it on. He's turning to see:

TOEWS (surprised): Donnie? What the hell are you doing here this late?

DONNIE: Working.

TOEWS (noticing a pair of scissor in Donnie's hand): Working? at this hour? (noticing a trail of blonde hair clippings scattered on the concrete): What the hell were you doing? (opening the coffin, to find the dead girl's hair has been cut off): Get out of here, you freak! Get out of here, and don't come back!

Donnie turns and walks away, a demonic smile on his face.




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
GRAVEYARD
Mulder, Scully and special agent Moe Bocks are walking towards a gravesite.
BOCKS: ...I got the call from Minneapolis PD, saying they wanted the FBI to come out and have a look. Anything slightly freakazoid, that's the drill: call Moe Bocks. As if I'm tight with all the nut cases in town. So I shoot on down here to see what's-the-what and I'll be damned if I'm not knocked on my butt by what they show me. Twenty two years, I've never seen anything like it. I get one look at the corpse and I'm on the phone to my pal Andi Schnider down at the Mutual UFO Network. You know Andi?

MULDER: No.

BOCKS: Well, he knows you.

MULDER: Why'd you call Mufon?

BOCKS: I wanted to see if there'd been much UFO activity in the area.

MULDER: You think this grave was unearthed by aliens, Agent Bocks?

BOCKS: It has all the telltale markings, don't you think? I mean, according to the literature.

MULDER: The literature?

BOCKS: Y'know. The way the hair and nails have been cut away. Sort of like they do in cattle mutilations.

Scully is clearly disturbed by the sight of the body.

MULDER: I hate to disappoint you, Agent Bocks, but this doesn't look like the work of aliens to me.

BOCKS (disappointed): No? How can you be sure?

MULDER: I've seen this kind of thing before. When I was with the Violent Crime Section. Whoever dug this up probably used a backhoe. If you took casts of the ground in the area, you'd probably lift some clean new tracks off the garage around here somewhere.

BOCKS: You think?

MULDER: He may work here, but it's not likely. Though he's probably worked at a cemetery or a mortuary at one time or another. Probably been busted before, but you're not going to find any record of it. Not real good for business when these stories get around.

BOCKS (to be sure): You're saying some human's been doing this?

MULDER: If you want to call him that.

BOCKS (embarrassed): Well, don't I feel like a dumb butt.

Scully ventures one last look into the grave, the image giving her a cold shudder. Mulder & Scully move back to their car, Bocks stays behind.

MULDER: You okay, Scully?

SCULLY: Yeah... I've read about cases of desecrating the dead, but this is the first time I've seen one.

MULDER: Nothing can prepare you for it. It's almost impossible to imagine.

SCULLY: Why do they do it?

MULDER: Some people collect salt and pepper shakers. The fetishist collects dead things. Hair, fingernails... no one quite knows why. though I've never quite understood salt and pepper shakers myself.

SCULLY (looks curiously at Mulder): Sometimes you surprise me, Mulder.

MULDER: Why?
(opens car door for Scully, then goes around the car to get in)

SCULLY: How that didn't shock you back there.

MULDER: I've prepared myself for it before we left Washington.

SCULLY (gives him a look, they are in the car now): You knew it wasn't UFO related from the start?

MULDER: I had suspected as much.

SCULLY: Mulder, we flew three hours to get here. Our plane doesn't leave until tomorrow night. If you suspected, why -

MULDER (pulls two tickets from his pocket): Vikings versus Redskins, in the Metrodome. Forty yard line, Scully. You and me.




SCENE 3
FICICELLO FAMILY FROZEN FOODS.
Marilyn sits behind a desk, interviewing Donnie Pfaster.
MARILYN: Have you lived in the Twin Cities area long, Mr. Pfaster?

DONNIE: I grew up here. I was away for a few years.

MARILYN: What kind of work were you in before?

DONNIE: Cosmotology. Hair and makeup.

MARILYN: Oh, that's interesting.

DONNIE: If you don't mind my saying, that's a lovely color lipstick you're wearing. Is that Indian Summer?

MARILYN (flattered): Yes. Yes, it is. You're applying for a job as a deliveryman -

DONNIE: To put myself through school. I've gone back to school.
Marilyn (smiles, writing this down): What are you studying?

DONNIE: Comperative religions.

MARILYN: Oh. Are you religious yourself?

DONNIE: Yes. Very.

MARILYN (smiles, leaning forward): I'm probably not supposed to say this, but Mr. Ficicello feels very strongly about religious backgrounds. He prides himself on the honesty of his employees.

DONNIE: Can you put that on the application?

MARILYN: I'll attach a little note. (winks)

DONNIE: Thank you.




SCENE 4
Agent Bocks is sitting in his office, watching the Vikings vs. Redskins game. Scully & Mulder enter. Bocks turns the TV sound down.
BOCKS: I was glad I could catch you before you left.
Mulder (stares longingly at the mute screen)

BOCKS (hands to Scully a file folder): We found more bodies dug up.

SCULLY: Did you get your forensics report on this one?

BOCKS (nodding): Somebody was down there in the grave alright. Cut the hair with a pair of pinking shears. Gotta wonder about this guy.

MULDER: How many bodies does this make?

BOCKS: Three in the last two days.

MULDER: What else can you tell me about the analysis of the corpses?

BOCKS: The hair was cut from the heads of two of the bodies. From the third one, the fingernails were pulled out with what looks like a pair of needlenose pliers.
Scully (looking at photos in the file, and sees herself as one of the victims! A wave of nausea comes over her. She lays the file on the desk and leaves the room. Mulder noting this)

MULDER: Alright, I want you to draft an eyes-only memo to everyone in this office, and to all law enforcement agencies in the metropolitan area.

BOCKS: Saying what?

MULDER: That the Twin Cities have an escalating fetishist on their hands.

BOCKS: A what?

MULDER: An escalating fetishist. Security should be tightened around the city cemeteries. Mortuaries, funeral homes and hospitals should be notified. There should be warning of a possible stalker in the area.

BOCKS (hesitating): This isn't New-York, Agent Mulder. People still leave their doors unlocked here. This is going to scare them.

MULDER: You can leave out the more gruesome aspects in your press release.

BOCKS: Why do you want to alarm folks anyway? I mean, if this guy only preys on dead people...

MULDER: His compulsion is growing. He may resort to homicide to procure his corpses. Once he gets a taste of a warm body, he's probably going to want more.

BOCKS (shaking his head): Maybe I've been isolated up here in the great white north too long.

MULDER: How's that?

BOCKS: People wondered why it took them so long to catch that kid in Milwaukee. Thought someone would have noticed he was killing those young boys. Truth is, no one ever believed it could happen.

MULDER: If you catch this guy before he kills, maybe they can go right on believing that.

BOCKS: I'm afraid we don't have the manpower or expertise to move on this with any speed. Going to be hard to round anybody up on a Saturday. Could be Monday or Tuesday before we get our ducks in a row.

Outside of the office, Scully sits alone, with a disturbed look on her face. She's startled when Mulder leans out the door, but she's not looking at him.

MULDER: I'm going to cancel our flight. We've got some work to do here.
Scully (stares forward, still not looking at him)

MULDER: Scully?

SCULLY: I'll be right with you.
(Mulder ducks back, while Scully remains there, shaken).




SCENE 5
AGENT BOCKS' OFFICE.
On a computer screen, there's information regarding all sorts of murderers and maniacs, accompanied by photos of them.
SCULLY'S VOICE OVER: A complete model or psychological profile of the death fetishist does not exist. Extrapolating from material on file at the FBI's Behavioral Science Unit, the compulsion is the result of a complex misplacement of values and a deviation from cultural norms and societal mores - often accompanied by extreme alienation from normal social interaction and traditional avenues for interaction with others. He is more likely to be white, male and of average to above average intelligence. Cases of fetishists with IQs over 150 have been documented. The progression of the pathology can be traced from the fantasy stage to the eventual acting out of fetishistic impulses, including opportunistic homicide. Agent Mulder believes strongly that the suspect in this case is escalating toward this action. It is my opinion from reading these case files that death fetishism may play a stronger role than suspected in cases of serial murder. That once he begins to murder, it is the killing that draws attention away from a deeper motive. A motive which most people, including law enforcement professionals, dare not imagine. It is somehow easier to believe, as Agent Bocks does, in aliens and UFOs, than in the kind of cold blooded inhuman monster who could prey on the living to scavenge from the dead.




SCENE 6
Donnie Pfaster. Cruising in his car, down a street lined with working girls. He stops near 2 hookers, one of them (Satin) bends down, leaning on the car.
SATIN: Hi.

DONNIE: Hi.

SATIN: Are you looking for a date?

DONNIE: Yes.

SATIN: Do you want to pull around the corner over there.

DONNIE: I'm interested in a couple of hours.

SATIN (smiling): Where do you have in mind?




SCENE 7
DONNIE'S APARTMENT.
Donnie and Satin enter. Normal apartment.
SATIN (hugging herself): Don't you have any heat in here? It's freezing.

DONNIE: The forced air unit is broken. I'd like to run you a bath. (heads towards the bathroom)

Donnie's bathroom. Little bottles with shampoos and soaps neatly placed on the side of the tub. The water is running, Donnie's adding bubble bath into the water. Satin enters.

DONNIE: Is your hair treated?

SATIN: What?

DONNIE: Do you need a shampoo for chemically treated heir?

SATIN: You want me to shampoo my hair?

DONNIE: I'm happy to pay extra, if that's something out of the ordinary.
Satin (looks at him, then reaches down to take off her high-heeled shoes. Her fingernails are long and painted bright red): Nobody's ever asked me.

Phone rings from another part of the house.

Donnie (starts to walk out of the bathroom): Excuse me.

Donnie's bedroom, he's answering the phone.

DONNIE: Hello.

MARILYN: Is this Mr. Pfaster?

DONNIE: Yes.

MARILYN: Hi, this is Marilyn at Ficicello Frozen Foods. Sorry to bother you so late, but I'm calling to say you've been hired, Mr. Pfaster. We'd like you to start right away.

SATIN (coming down the hallway): Hey, what's going on here? The water's ice cold. (entering the bedroom, with only a towel wrapped around her. Her expression changes to one of terror): Oh God...

Donnie's bedroom is full of funeral sprays, most of them are wilting. He looks calmly at Satin.

MARILYN (on the phone): Mr. Pfaster...?

DONNIE: Yes. That's wonderful news. Thank you so much.
(hangs up the phone, looking at Satin, as she backs away into the hallway)

SATIN: Don't you come near me! Get away from me!

Donnie's getting up, moving towards her.




SCENE 8
An alley. Night. Police cars are all around, there's a body covered with blue satin sheets.
BOCKS: We're still waiting for someone to ID the body.
(approaching with Mulder & Scully)
Judging from this area, I'd say she was probably a working girl.

The prostitute, that was standing with Satin when Donnie picked her up, is approaching, seeing the body, becoming hysterical.

PROSTITUTE: Oh my God! Oh my God! Who did this to her? Who did this?
(she's being pulled away)

MULDER: Was it him?

BOCKS: It looks like it. Knife wound the length of her torso. All her hair was cut off. He took her fingernails. But this time, he took some fingers, too. Do you want to see the body?
Mulder (starts moving towards the body, Scully doesn't follow. He looks back at her)

SCULLY: I need a minute.




SCENE 9
NICE NEIGHBOURHOOD
DAYTIME.
Donnie Pfaster, with his delivery man uniform walks out of a delivery vehicle, with a frozen food container. He walks up to one of the houses, and knocks the door. A woman answers.
DONNIE: Hi. I'm your new delivery man.

ELLEN: Oh, hi. Come in.

They both enter the kitchen. Donnie starts placing the food in the freezer, while Ellen is spooning out cookie batter onto metal cookie sheets.

ELLEN: Did they give you Skip's old route?

DONNIE: Yes, ma'am. I think so. I just started with the company.

ELLEN: Skip had been delivering to us for so long, we almost took it for granted he'd always be around. Since before the kids were born.

Lisa, Ellen's daughter enters the kitchen.

ELLEN: Lisa, this is...

DONNIE: Donnie. Donnie Pfaster.

LISA: Oh, hi. (to her Mom): I'm going to Steve's, Mom.

ELLEN: Okay. You have a good time.

LISA (to Donnie): Bye.

DONNIE: Bye. (stares at her leaving)

ELLEN (to Donnie, after Lisa leaves): We have three daughters.

DONNIE: Oh. (smiles politely, as he closes the freezer door): Pardon me, but can I use your washroom to wash my hands?

ELLEN: Oh, sure. There's a washroom down off the service porch.

BATHROOM
Donnie, thoroughly washing his hands. He dries them, and looks down at a waste-basket. He reaches down, picks it up, and puts his hand inside. He retrieves a hairball, looks at it lovingly, and brings it to his face to feel its texture. He, then, puts it in his pocket, and puts the waste-basket back down. He turns around to exit, and when he opens the door, he finds himself face to face with Ellen.

ELLEN: I just wanted to tell you, if we're ever not home, we always leave the back door open here.

DONNIE: Oh, Okay. I'll remember that.




SCENE 10
COUNTY MORGUE.
A group of men (doctors and medical examiners). they stand around the body of the satin sheet covered dead hooker on the autopsy table. Scully walks in, to perform the autopsy, all men silently make room for her.
SCULLY'S VOICE OVER: Death is a recorded event. For reasons natural or unnatural, when a body ceases to function, the cause of the effect can be clearly reconstructed. A body has a story to tell.

She pulls the satin sheet back, and turns on the microphone above the autopsy table.

SCULLY: The time is eleven fourteen AM, Monday, November 14th. The deceased is a female in her twenties... (her voice fades)

SCULLY'S VOICE OVER: If the victim was strangled, an examination of the veins in the eyes will reveal this. If the victim was shot, entry wounds and gunpowder residue can be used to reconstruct the events leading to death and help to establish a possible motive. Body temperature, preferably the temperature of the spleen, is an accurate indicator of the time of death. As are rigor, livor and levels of sodium in the blood. If the body was moved, sand, small rocks, vegetable debris, even pollen can be removed and analysed to determine the location of the original crime scene and place the position of the body at the time of death. Extracutenous stains and residues can indicate the use of poison or toxins. Hair and fibres, slivers of glass, plastic, even insect casings can serve to recreate the circumstances under which death occurred.

Scully is now seated at Agent Bocks' computer, the heard words are written on the screen by her.

SCULLY'S VOICE OVER: It may be an irony only understood by those of us who conduct these examinations, who use these pieces to rebuild a narrative, that death, like life itself, is a drama with a beginning, middle and end.
It is my opinion, having conducted this examination, that the victim died a wrongful death for the express purpose of extracting her hair and fingernails.

We keep hearing Scully's voice over, but now we see Mulder reading a document from Scully's computer.

SCULLY'S VOICE OVER: The time of death cannot be accurately determined due to what I believe must have been immersion in a cold environment, most likely water. Death came as a result of blood loss and trauma from a deep knife wound which severed the plimonary artery. Of the evidence examined, no one piece or combination gives a clear picture of the killer, other than the motive implied by the bizarre nature if the crime. For the record, it is also my opinion that, outside of child homicide, which may be more tragic and heinous, this is one of the most angry and dehumanizing murders imaginable.

Mulder looks up from the page, he's now in a lineup observation room.
He stands with Agent Bocks, and the 2nd prostitute.

BOCKS (to prostitute): Look at each man carefully.
Prostitute (shakes her head): He was ordinary. He didn't look like no freak.

BOCKS: Do you remember what kind of car he was driving? What color it was?

PROSTITUTE: I think it was white.

BOCKS: Okay, you can go. Just leave a number and address where you can be reached.

PROSTITUTE: Are you gonna catch this guy?
Bocks (unconvincing): We'll catch him.

MULDER: Might be a nice week to take that paid vacation the boss owes you.

PROSTITUTE: Yeah. Right. (leaves the room)
Bocks (to Mulder): If this guy looks regular-like, and if he doesn't have a record, he's gonna be near impossible to find.

MULDER: Until he kills again. Or until we can determine what's driving him.

BOCKS: I read your profile. Sounds like a guy who can't make it with women. Which would explain the hooker.

MULDER: The hooker was just convenient. This guy's not after sex. He's after trophies. His victim was a young attractive woman. The corpses he dug up were those of young women. Yet there's no evidence of any sexual activity. What fuels his need? What us important about the hair and fingernails to him? It's as if it's not enough that they're dead. He has to defile them. There's a deeper psychosis at work here. And anger toward women, possibly his mother.

BOCKS: I'd say she'd be pretty fried at him, too.

MULDER: The next thing to do is call all the psychiatric facilities. See if they have any record of patients with similar pathologies. This kind of killer isn't made over night. He's been fuelling this fetish for years.




SCENE 11
A CLASSROOM
NIGHT
TEACHER: ...the necessity of the story, the myth or the legend in a culture is almost universal. We think of myths as things that entertain or instruct, but their deeper purpose is often to explain, or make fanciful, wishes, desires or behavior that society would otherwise deem unacceptable. Myths often disguise thoughts that are simply too terrible to think about, but because they are conveyed in a wrapping of untruth - the story - these thoughts become harmless fiction.

Donnie is seated in the back of the classroom. He stares at a pretty short-haired blonde coed in the front row. she touches her neck, her fingernails are filed, long and colored. The teacher continues.

TEACHER: Take for example stories that we recite for children, such as Snow white or Alice in Wonderland. The subtextural themes where the Queen orders "off with her head", or the prince wakens Sleeping Beauty with a kiss, are what Freud would describe as death/wish imagining.




SCENE 12
PARKING LOT
The pretty coed is walking to her car, and opens the door. Donnie appears on the other side of the car and surprises her.
DONNIE: Excuse me. I'm in your mythology class.

COED: Oh.

DONNIE: My name's Donnie. I sit a couple rows over. Maybe you've seen me.

COED: I-I don't know. I -

DONNIE: I know. You sit up front. I just... (moving to her side of the car) I was going to my car, and I saw you, and... did he ask us to read chapters ten and eleven, or eleven and twelve?

COED: Oh, I think it was... (reaches into her bag, to check in her notebook) It was chapters ten and eleven.

DONNIE: Oh, thanks.
Coed (puts the notebook back in her bag, in the meantime, Donnie's got closer to her, and has her penned in the tight V made by the open door) I have to go now. (tries to pull the car door from Donnie's grasp, and fails)

DONNIE: Don't go.

COED (angrily): Let go of the door!
(Donnie takes a step closer, and she knees him in the groin, followed by a punch, which sends him to the floor)
(screaming) HELP!!! SOMEBODY!!!




SCENE 13
COUNTY MORGUE.
The body is lying on the autopsy table, covered with a satin sheet. Agent Scully walks in, wearing her autopsy uniform, and moves to the body. She removes the sheet from the body, and with a horror expression on her face, she sees...
Herself! lying on the autopsy table.
From the dead Scully's point of view, we see the demonic figure from the beginning, where the examining Scully stood before. Phone begins ringing.
MOTEL ROOM
Scully's bolting upright in bed, waking from a nightmare.
She answers the ringing phone.

SCULLY: Hello.

MULDER: Scully, it's me. They've arrested somebody they think may be our guy.
Scully (still under shock): I'll get dressed.




SCENE 14
JAIL BLOCK
NIGHT
Scully, Mulder and Bocks walk down the jail corridor, heading towards a cell.
BOCKS: He's got a history of assault. A 911 call came in from a security officer who saw it happen.
She hurt him really bad.

They arrive the cell, look inside. The man inside is not Donnie. He has a knife wound across his cheek and nose.

MULDER: Who cut him?

BOCKS: A working girl. They're all carrying knives since what happened.

They enter the cell. Behind them, in another cell, Donnie is standing, his face pokes out of the bars. He's staring at Scully with the same look we've seen before. After a while, the agents leave the other man's cell, and move a few steps from the bars.

MULDER: He's not our guy.

BOCKS: I thought we had him.

They start leaving, as Donnie keeps staring at Scully.
She turns around, feeling his look. She looks at him, then turns away, shaken. They all reach the door.

SCULLY: Mulder, can I have a minute with you?

MULDER: Yeah.
Scully (looks at Bocks, she wants to talk to Mulder alone)

BOCKS (gets the message): I'll be out front. (exits)

SCULLY: I think I might better drive this investigation if I focused on the evidence.

MULDER: What are you suggesting?

SCULLY: That I take the body back to Washington. I'd like to run it through the fingerprint lab there. You know those guys, they can pull a print -

MULDER: If you're having trouble with this case, Scully, I want you to tell me.

SCULLY: I'm not having trouble, Mulder.

MULDER: I'd understand, Scully. This isn't exactly easy to stomach.

SCULLY: I'm fine with it. Really. I just think we're a long way from catching this guy. If we could get a print, we'd have something to go on. Right now we're at a standstill.

MULDER (knowing she's hiding something): I think it's a good idea. (puts his hand on her shoulder): I just don't want you to think you have to hide anything from me, Scully. I've seen agents with twenty years in the field fall apart on cases like this.
Scully (quietly): I'm fine, Mulder. I can handle it.
(gently, she pulls away from his touch, and they both leave)

DONNIE (to the guy in the cell next to him, whom the agents were talking to): Hey, what's your name?

SUSPECT: You talking to me?

DONNIE: Yeah. Were those FBI agents?

SUSPECT: Yeah.

DONNIE: What were they asking you?

SUSPECT: They thought I was some freak who's been digging up corpses. Man, I'm in enough trouble already.

DONNIE: What were their names?

SUSPECT: Who?

DONNIE: The younger agents.

SUSPECT: Um. I don't remember his name, but she was Scully, like that baseball announcer.

A jailor approaches, and opens Donnie's cell.

JAILOR: Let's go. Mr. Pfaster.

DONNIE: Go where?

JAILOR: Lady's dropped the charges against you. They're letting you out soon as you talk to psychiatric social worker.




SCENE 15
FBI HEADQUARTERS
FINGERPRINT ANALYSIS LAB.
Examiner (studying a piece of satin through magnification eyeglasses): At first glance, there's not much to work with. Satin doesn't hold a print real well. There could be a latent somewhere in these blood stains, but I suspect the killer used gloves.

SCULLY: The body was shipped on my flight. I should be here within the hour.

EXAMINER: We'll take a look. How long are you in town, Agent Scully?

SCULLY: I've got a flight back to Minneapolis booked for tonight. But I might cancel.

EXAMINER: I've put all other work aside.
Scully (nods and exits)




SCENE 16
FBI HEADQUARTERS.
Scully is walking down a hallway. She reaches a door marked:
"Employee Assistance Program, K. Kosseff L.C.S.W.". Scully looks around to see no one's looking, then enters. Scully's seated across Karen Kosseff, struggling with her emotions.
SCULLY: You think you find a way to deal with these things. In med school, you develop a clinical detachment to death. In your FBI training, you are confronted with cases, the most terrible and violent cases. You think you can look into the face of pure evil. And then you find yourself paralysed by it.

KOSSEFF: Are you aware you've been talking about yourself in the second person?

SCULLY: No. Was I?

KOSSEFF: Do you know why?

SCULLY: Probably as another way of trying to detach myself from it.

KOSSEFF: You're a strong person. You've probably always felt you can handle any problem yourself. But you feel vulnerable now. Do you know why that is?

SCULLY: No.

KOSSEFF: Is it your partner? Is there a problem with trust -
Scully (firmly): No. I trust him as much as anyone. I'd trust him with my life.

KOSSEFF: Can you talk to him about the way you're feeling?

SCULLY: No. (pauses) I know it sounds crazy, but I don't want him to know how much this is bothering me. I don't want him to think he has to protect me.

KOSSEFF: I know you lost your father last year. And I read in your file that you were very ill recently. That your life was threatened. Exposures like these can leave you extremely vulnerable.

SCULLY (tears well up in her eyes, but she's not crying): I know these things. I'm conscious of them. I know the world is full of predators, just as it has always been. And I know it's my job to protect people from them. And I've counted on that fact to give me faith in my ability to do what I do...
I want that faith back... I need it back.




SCENE 17
FBI HEADQUARTERS
FINGERPRINTS ANALYSIS LAB
Scully enters.

EXAMINER: There you are. I've been looking for you.

SCULLY: I had a meeting.

EXAMINER: I've got good news.

SCULLY: What did you find?

EXAMINER: Well, as I suspected, there was nothing on the sheets. But we got something nice off the body. At first it didn't look like it. Nothing on the torso, the face, the arms, the hands. The guy cut her fingers off though, right? But not all of them. On her right hand, he left a thumb. (hands Scully a print of the fingerprint) I pulled this off the nail polish. There must have been a struggle before he killed her. Before he put the gloves on.

SCULLY (excited): I've got to call Agent Mulder. (goes to the phone)

EXAMINER: Oh. Somebody called for you.

SCULLY: Who?

EXAMINER: He said he was an Agent working out of Minneapolis. I told him you were out, but had a flight booked back tonight.
Scully (with a look of concern, as she dials): Was it Agent Mulder?

EXAMINER: I didn't recognize the print.

SCULLY: Did you tell him about the print?

EXAMINER: I haven't found it yet.

MULDER (on the phone): Mulder.

SCULLY: Hi, it's me. We got a print.

MULDER (to Bocks): Scully got a print.

BOCKS: Fantastic!
Scully (on the phone): I'm going to modem it out to you right away to see if you can run a match.

MULDER: Are you staying on there, Scully?

SCULLY: No. I'm coming back tonight.

MULDER: Look, Scully. I know this is a pretty horrific case -

SCULLY: I'm okay with it, Mulder. You can use my help.

MULDER: Always!
Scully (smiles faintly, then): Mulder? You or Agent Bocks didn't call here looking for me earlier, did you?

MULDER (to Bocks): Did you call for Agent Scully?
Bocks (shakes his head)

MULDER: No.
Scully (curious) Okay, I'll see you when I get there. (hangs up)




SCENE 18
DONNIE PFASTER'S APARTMENT.
The door is broken down by uniformed officers. The bedroom, just as before, flowers all over. No sheets on the bed. From out of the zippered end of one pillow, protrudes a stuffing of long human hair. Mulder and Bocks enter the apartment, Mulder walks into
the kitchen as Bocks is talking on his walkie-talkie.
BOCKS: The suspect does not appear to be at home. Let's put out an APB on Donald Addie Pfaster, age twenty eight -

One of the officers opens the freezer, showing something to Mulder.

Mulder (showing it to Bocks): Take a look.

BOCKS: Holy mother of God.

It's a box of frozen food, that contains brussel sprouts, and also some fingers, and a long fingernail, painted bright red.




SCENE 19
AIRPORT
NIGHT
Scully exits. She goes to a car rental company.
She exits the rental company, and approaches her rented car.
From another car nearby, a man is watching her. It's Donnie Pfaster.
Scully's in her car, driving. Behind her, a pair of bright headlights looms up behind her. The lights grow brighter and nearer, and Scully is taken totally by surprise, as her car is rammed from behind. She gets hold of the wheel, trying to correct the forced swerve, but her car is being rammed again.



SCENE 20
AGENT BOCKS' OFFICE
NIGHT
Mulder (worriedly checking his watch): She should have been here.

BOCKS: She was on the flight. And it arrived three hours ago.
An FBI Agent (entering): We found Agent Scully's car.




SCENE 21
A ROAD
(Scully's dented car lies on the side of the road.. Agents Bocks and Mulder pull up. Mulder jumps out and runs towards Scullys abandonned rental car. There's a white scratch on the car. He looks inside. The airbag is out, and is torn.)

MULDER: She was forced off the road, it looks like a white car... get one of your men to get a sample of this paint and get it on a plane to Washington... if you hurry we can get a make and model of the car by morning... we're gonna find her.

(Mulder walks off as Boggs watches him.)



SCENE 22
Donnie is in a dark house. He's going down a corridor, entering a bathroom. The bathtub is filling, we can guess the temperature of the water. There are little bottles of shampoos etc. on the side of the tub.
Donnie is again, walking in a corridor, entering a bedroom. He opens the closet door. Inside we see Scully, huddled in the corner. Her hands and feet are tied, her mouth gagged. Her face is bruised, her eyes are closed. She opens her eyes, and sees...
The demonic figure from her dream. Donnie's closing the door.



SCENE 23
BOCKS' OFFICE.
Bocks (on cellular phone): Nothing registered to Donald Pfaster? Right... right. Got it. (hangs up)
(to Mulder): The paint is called Ivory Bone. It's a two-step enamel used by three makers of late model mid-sized car. They estimate there may be about sixty thousand cars that fit this description in the metropolitan area.

MULDER (on his own cellular phone): Nothing? No one saw her leave the rental agency...? There was no attendant in the area...? (presses the 'end' button in frustration) (to Bocks): People videotape police beatings on dark streets. They see Elvis in three cities across America every day. But no one saw a pretty woman being run off the road in her rental car.

BOCKS: He could have taken her anywhere. How're we going to find her?

MULDER: We've got to go back to the beginning. As nasty as it seems, we've got to get into this guy's head. How he thinks. Where would he go?

BOCKS (shrugging): Anywhere but his mother's right?

MULDER: What do you mean?

BOCKS: Being that he's so pissed off at her. From what your profile says.

MULDER (interested): Where does his mother live?

BOCKS: I don't know.

MULDER: Let's find out.




SCENE 24
Donnie in that dark house, moving towards the closet and opens it.
Scully is in there, very frightened.



SCENE 25
BOCKS' OFFICE
Mulder and Bocks look at a computer screen.
BOCKS: The mother lives in Boca Raton, Florida. Correction. She used to live there. She died a year ago.

MULDER (disappointed): did she have a car registered to her?

BOCKS (checking): A late model white sedan.

MULDER (realizing): He inherited the car. Boca Raton could have been a winter house. Was there a residence here in Minneapolis?




SCENE 26
BEDROOM
Inside the closet.
Donnie's near Scully, he's inspecting her findernails.
He uses a sharp knife to cut the rope that binds her feet.
Scully (her mouth still gagged): Get the hell away from me!!
(to her terror, she sees Donnie's face, transforming, and becoming different men's faces. Those are the men she saw before, in the computer files she checked. The figures then changes to that demonic creature again, then back to Donnie)

DONNIE: Don't be afraid.

Donnie takes Scully, hands still tied, mouth still gagged.
He leads her to the bathroom, where the tub is filled with water and bubbles. Donnie walks around her in the bathroom, to check the shampoos.

DONNIE: Would you say your hair is normal or dry?
(he turns around, as Scully backs out towards the door)
Now where are you going?

Donnie moves towards Scully, grabs her, but she pushes him hard straight into the freezing water in the bathtub. Scully then rushes out of the bathroom. Donnie pulls himself, wet, from the tub, and starts chasing her. He walks out of the bathroom, and looks around. Scully has disappeared. He's moving around the house, looking for her. Scully reaches the front door. It's locked. She runs for a place to hide.

DONNIE: There's no way out, girly girl. (enters a bedroom, and retrieves a gun from the dresser) I know this house, girly girl. There's nowhere to hide.

He then hears a noise from one of the rooms, and rushes in that direction. He moves towards a closed door and opens it. Scully jumps forward, her gag removed, with a spray bottle in her tied hands. She sprays him in the eyes, and runs off, while he's stumbling backwards. Scully runs towards the staircase, Donnie after her. He catches her at the top of the stairs, and they both tumble down the staircase. As they hit the floor, Donnie's gun slips out of his grasp. Scully starts
crawling for the gun, Donnie sees her, and leaps on top of her. As she's pointing the gun at him, she, again, sees the demon from her dream, which shocks her, and allows Donnie to snap the gun from her hands. At that moment, the door bursts open, Mulder, Bocks and a few officers rush in.

MULDER (gun brandished): FEDERAL AGENTS! HANDS IN THE AIR!

Donnie slowly puts his hands in the air, and the other men take him forcefully.
Mulder kneels down to Scully. She's dazed, as she's trying to get up.

MULDER (loudly): Let's get the paramedics out here!

SCULLY: I'm okay.

MULDER: Just stay there, Scully.

SCULLY (she insists on getting up, Mulder helps her): I'm fine. Just help me get my wrists undone.

(As Mulder starts untying her): How did you find me?

MULDER: His Mother used to own the house, willed it to the sisters. I played a hunch. A patrolman spotted the car out front.

Her wrists untied, Scully rubs them. She doesn't want to meet Mulder's eyes. She's looking over at Donnie, who's being bound on the floor.

MULDER: Why don't you sit down until someone can take a look at you.

SCULLY (quietly): Mulder, I'm fine.

Mulder looks at her, and tips up her chin. She, then, meets his gaze, and that's all it takes. Her eyes well up, and she begins crying. Mulder's holding her now, though she keeps her arms crossed in front of herself. She, then, allows herself to hold him, to fully let her emotions out.
Scully continues to cry in Mulder's arms, while he holds her tight and strong.

Photos of Donnie as a child, and his family, are fading one into the other, as we hear Mulder.




SCENE 27
MULDER'S VOICE OVER: The conquest of fear lies in the moment of its acceptance. And understanding what scares us most is that which is most familiar, most common place. That boy next door, Donnie Pfaster, the unremarkable younger brother of four older sisters, extraordinary only in his ordinariness, could grow up to be the devil in a buttoned-down shirt. It's been said that the fear of the unknown is an irrational response to the excesses of the imagination. But our fear of the everyday, of the lurking stranger, and the sound of foot-falls on the stairs. The fear of violent death and the primitive impulse to survive, are as frightening as any x-file, as real as the acceptance that it could happen to you.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
PARENT TEACHER COMMITTEE
MILFORD HAVEN, NH
INTERIOR, NIGHT. CONFERENCE ROOM, CROWLEY HIGH SCHOOL

(close-up of PTC room wall)

AUSBURY: All in favour?

DEBORAH: Aye.

CALCAGNI: Aye.

AUSBURY: All right.

AUSBURY: Starting Monday, the track around the athletic field will be closed to joggers at 8:30 pm instead of ten.
(He looks up as if at other people, we hear murmurs of assent)
Any other items before we call it a night?

CALCAGNI: Yeah, um, I got wind that for the spring drama productions, Howard Roberts intends to put on Jesus Christ Superstar (Wry amusement).

AUSBURY: You know how he is... Howard's just trying to do things the kids like.

CALCAGNI: My point exactly.

DEBORAH: Um... I don't think that play is appropriate for this high school.

VITARIS: If he wants to be young, I have no problems with "Grease", or "Annie", or...

CALCAGNI: Doesn't "Grease" have the "F" word?

AUSBURY: Look, I'll talk to Howard. OK, let's adjourn till next week. Deborah, why don't you lead us in a prayer?

[He produces a red candle and sets it on the desk as he and Vitaris speak]

VITARIS: Jim -- the game is on.

CALCAGNI: It'll only take a minute. (SIGHS) We've been... letting it slip.

[Ausbury strikes a match to light the candle. We hear faint thunder in the background]

AUSBURY: Paul, why don't you get the door.

Vitaris gets up, camera tracks him to the door then is "shut out" by him. Faint light is visible around door edges.

ALL: In the name of the Lords of Darkness, rulers of the Earth, kings of the Underworld, I command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me.

DEBORAH: Sein ist die Hand die verletzt

OTHERS: Sein ist die Hand die verletzt.

CAPTION: HIS IS THE HAND THAT WOUNDS!

DEBORAH: Sein ist der Ort genannt Hlle. (OR: Hoelle)

OTHERS: Sein ist der Ort genannt Hlle. (OR: Hoelle)

CAPTION: HIS IS THE PLACE CALLED HELL.

DEBORAH: May the black powers of our forefathers make us strong.

ALL: Hail. Hail the Lords of Darkness.




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
MILFORD HAVEN, NH
EXTERIOR. NIGHT. WOODS
It is raining heavily. We see four kids walking through the woods, two boys followed by two girls. They are backlit by very strong moonlight coming through the trees. The boys (Jerry Stevens and Dave Duran) are pretty standard grunge types, the girls (Kate and Andrea) standard "nice girl" looks. The girls carry umbrellas. Jerry Stevens is carrying a bulky package in a brown paper bag. During the following exchange they walk up to and past camera.

KATE: How much further?

The boys answer simultaneously

JERRY: Up there a ways.

DAVE: Not far.

JERRY: I heard the altar is a hollowed stump, just up here. OK, when they get freaked, you get Kate, I take Andrea. (Grinning) Those mittens are giving me a Gingrich.

DAVE: OK. I need a personal object from everyone. All right. (They gather round the stump, the girls still hanging on to their umbrellas. Dave produces a black candle from his pocket, stands it up on the stump and lights it)

Now Andrea, you gotta stand over here and face Jerry ... Like this.... (She looks uncertain) Closer.

ANDREA: Why like this?

DAVE: Well that's so... er... so we're calling the spirits up of every direction. OK now Kate, you gotta stand here and face me.

KATE: Do you really think someone used this place for black magic? Or is it just a rumour?

JERRY: (IMPATIENTLY) C'mon Dave!

DAVE: (TO JERRY) Sshh! (He takes a piece of paper, obviously a page torn from a book, from his pocket, and turns to Kate. He begins to read from it, looking in turn at the others. He's really trying to come across as serious about it) In the name of the Lords of Darkness, rulers of the Earth, kings of the Underworld, rise, rise to this place. Ah... Azazal. (Sound like sigh is heard as the candle is blown out. Dave and Andrea look at it, Dave isn't bothered) Know ye all who dwell in the light of professed righteousness that the others who know the keys and the angels have opened the gate.

A sound like groaning voices fills the air; Dave is startled, Kate looks scared. Andrea is scared -- she jumps to hug jerry for protection. Jerry simply grins. Kate and Dave are very uneasy, looking around. Andrea looks down and screams, again and again. Andrea's POV: many rats running around her feet. The others are obviously scared now. Still screaming, andrea runs off into the forest.

JERRY: Forget this! (Runs after Andrea, shouting) Andrea!

Kate is turning to follow them. Dave throws something at the rats which bursts into flame as it hits the ground. He turns and they run after the others.

We see Andrea, sobbing, upset, running, frantically reciting a prayer of some sort. She is practically hysterical.

ANDREA: ....believe in Jesus Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and in the hour of our deaths...

JERRY: Andrea! Wait!

He has almost caught her up when a line of flame appears suddenly on the ground. He stumbles and falls to his knees in front of it, blinded by the light. He gets to his feet, shielding his face. A groan-like, animalistic sound is heard. He turns and a thin, bony, cadaverous hand seizes his throat and lifts him up... Up... He is choking.




SCENE 3
NEXT DAY
SAME SPOT
8:55 A.M.
It is still raining. A gloved hand drops a white tarp to reveal Agent Scully, crouching under an umbrella. She has obviously been looking under the tarp and wears a look of faint disgust.

OAKES: A hunter found him early this morning.

SCULLY: Couldn't have been dead for more than 12 hours.

She straightens up. During the following we see that she and Mulder are standing over what is obviously a body under the tarp. Sheriff John Oakes is standing on the other side of the body, while uniformed police are searching the area in the background. Everyone carries umbrellas. Throughout the discussion Oakes, a worried-looking man in around his early forties, has an air of "I know this sounds crazy but" about him -- he is well shook up, nervous, but serious in his suggestions.

OAKES: They say this arena's used for witches' ceremonies.

MULDER: "They"?

OAKES: Well.. everybody... everybody who lives around here knows about the things that go on in this town. They say there are people who control things.

SCULLY: (polite disbelief) Any evidence to substantiate those rumours, Sheriff Oakes?

OAKES: Well, Agent Scully... look at the body... the eyes and heart have been cut out.

Mulder looks on bleakly

SCULLY: Many homicides include victim desecration.

OAKES: I know he and his friends listened to devil music!

MULDER: "The Night Chicago Died"? (He walks away)

OAKES: (Turning to follow Mulder as he moves away) You know what I mean. Heavy Metal bands that influence kids...

Oakes moves to join Mulder, who is walking up to the stump, Scully following.

MULDER: Was Jerry Stevens or his friends ever witnessed participating in witchcraft?

OAKES: No.

SCULLY: More rumours.

OAKES: (Pointing) This stump here is supposed to be the ceremonial altar. What do you think?

Mulder moves closer to look at it

MULDER: I think with a few turquoise chips, a picture of John Wayne and three cans of shellac it'd make a pretty nice coffee table.

OAKES: Well you see all that wax? Someone's been lighting candles in there.

Under the above, Scully has been examining the bag of bottles Jerry had been carrying. She straightens up, then notices something else, goes over to pick it up. It's the page Dave was holding.

SCULLY: Any idea who Jerry Stevens was with out here?

OAKES: Oh... we assumed he was alone.

SCULLY: Well, most people don't set out to drink two six-packs by themselves. (Mulder nods) I also found this (Holds up page). It has some purple ink on the edge, like a library identification stamp... (CU On page: it's torn and crumpled. We see the end of a title, "in America", on the top, and underneath some words recognisable from the incantation.) ...and the end of the title says "In America". I'm surprised your people overlooked it.

OAKES: I'm sorry, I gotta apologise here. You're... you're right, I admit we're a little...rattled...here. (Hesitantly) That's why I called the FBI. This may involve a deeper conspiracy. (MULDER rolls his eyes) See... I grew up around here. Ever since I was a kid I heard... stories. This is a weird area, it has a strange air that I could chalk up to imagination... till today... (SCULLY hands him the page; he takes it) I'll have my staff start checking libraries for you, Agent Scully.

He walks off. Mulder walks over to Scully.

MULDER: Better hide your Megadeth albums.

SCULLY: Theories like that are why I can't take him seriously.

MULDER: The homicide did have a ceremonial presentation -- the manner in which the body was displayed...

SCULLY: Mulder, I got the impression you didn't believe him either.

MULDER: I didn't want to incite his already clearly aggravated imagination. But there is a weird feel to this place, maybe there is some truth to those rumours.

SCULLY: I think he incited your imagination. I think this case is nothing more than a murderer taking advantage of local folklore. I mean there's nothing odd about -

She is cut off as something falls onto her umbrella, knocking it. Other thuds are heard. Cut to shot from above. Frogs are falling heavily onto the pair's umbrellas. Cut back to the agents -- they look bemused, Mulder looking up, shielding his face, Scully ducking, definitely startled. The thudding stops. Cut to shot of the ground -- many frogs hopping around their feet.

MULDER: So... lunch?

SCULLY: Mulder, toads just fell from the sky! (Looks at him, taken aback)

MULDER: I guess their parachutes didn't open. You were saying something about this place not feeling "odd"?

He walks away. Scully stands still for a moment, then follows him, stepping gingerly over the frogs.




SCENE 4
CROWLEY HIGH SCHOOL LIBRARY
MLS: Mulder is at the loans desk, flicking through a box of library cards. CU on the cards. We see one for Stephen King's "Four Past Midnight", then one for M.R. Krashewski, "Witch Hunt: a history of the occult in America". Mulder starts to lift the card out. Back to the MLS; we see Scully walk into the library and join Mulder.

SCULLY: The National Weather Service says there are tornadoes in Northern Massachusetts. The wind probably picked up the animals into the storm. (Doesn't look totally convinced, despite her words).

CU LIBRARY CARD -- last borrower "DAVE DURAN".

MULDER: "Witch Hunt: A History of the Occult in America". (He hands her the card)

SCULLY: Last checked out to a Dave Duran.




SCENE 5
INT. DAY. SCIENCE LAB A TYPICAL HIGH-SCHOOL SCIENCE LAB/CLASSROOM.
We pan along the benches, pausing briefly by a neat, dark girl (Shannon Ausbury), then along to dave. Dave is edgy, very ill at ease, tapping his equipment with pencils, fidgeting, looking over his shoulder. We follow his gaze and see Kate and Andrea at the back of the classroom. They are also nervous. We hear a school bell ring.

PADDOCK: OK people... People, may I have your attention please. (MCU MRS PADDOCK: A typical plain "old maid" type teacher, floral dress, unflattering hairstyle, glasses on a chain round her neck.) Mr Kingary (???????) is off sick today, so I'll be substituting. My name is Mrs Paddock. I'm going to take the roll...

She is interrupted by a knock at the door. Dave starts up, hearing it. Paddock crosses to open the door. We see Dave's POV: Mulder and Scully, who step a little way into the room. They can only just be heard.

SCULLY: ...FBI, we'd like to speak with a Dave Duran...

Dave, hearing his name, makes a mad dash for the window, clambering over a bench and knocking equipment everywhere as he tries to scramble out head-first. Mulder pelts round after him, catches him as he is half-way through, pulls him back by the legs.

DAVE: (Muffled) Let me go!




SCENE 6
CALCAGNI'S OFFICE
CU Dave, frightened, defensive but sticking to his story. Desperate to be believed.

DAVE: I'm not into that stuff at all, I swear. (SIGHS) Jerry was my best friend. Look, I swear, I've never done anything like that.

SCULLY: What made you go to a place you heard was a witches' altar?

Dave turns his head, we follow his gaze and see Kate and Andrea standing together in a corner. He looks back to Scully, who is sitting opposite him.

DAVE: (Sighs) We were just trying to get some.

ANDREA: (Low voice, to Kate) I told you.

Scully and Mulder turn to look at them, then back to dave. Mulder is standing next to and looking out of a window which looks out on a hallway.

SCULLY: Why did you take the book?

DAVE: Because I don't know a thing about witchcraft, and we wanted to make it sound good... but I never thought...

SCULLY: You never thought what?

DAVE: That it would work.

MULDER: (Turns away from window) If you didn't kill Jerry Stevens, why did you run away from us in the classroom?

DAVE: I'm scared, man.

MULDER: Of us?

DAVE: Of it. That ceremony! I'm afraid we called up some devil or something. (SIGHS)

Mcu of Kate and Andrea, eyes downcast, they look scared too. We pan past Dave to see Ausbury, Deborah, Calcagni and Vitaris standing in a close group in the area outside the office, looking in and conferring.




SCENE
RECEPTION AREA OUTSIDE CALCAGNI'S OFFICE 7
AUSBURY: (Low voice, fierce) One of you killed Jerry Stevens. Who? (He looks at each of them in turn; they all look at each other) He was displayed according to the rites of Azazal. Who else would know about the ritual? We stopped doing this because--

CALCAGNI: I went out there. We were supposed to have a Mass, no-one else showed, so I left.

VITARIS: It wasn't any of us.

CALGAGNI: Something's here... a presence amongst us. Angry, I can feel it.

He stops and looks up as we hear the sound of a door opening. The others look up. As Ausbury turns to see we see their POV: Scully showing Kate, Audrey and finally Dave out of the office. Mulder follows. Ausbury starts forward.

AUSBURY: (Incredulous) You're letting them go?

MULDER: (Shrugging) There's no evidence to warrant an arrest.

He walks toward them, Scully close behind.

DEBORAH: They never leave evidence.

AUSBURY: We heard how Jerry Stevens was killed. An occult ritual.

VITARIS: They've reached into our area from outside.

MULDER: (Aside, to Scully, but audible by the others) "They" again.

AUSBURY: Those three kids are obviously under occult influence.

DEBORAH: They reach into our children. In music, television, books...

CALCAGNI: They prey on children's innocence.

SCULLY: (Can't believe what she's hearing) The FBI recently concluded a seven-year study and found little or no evidence of the existence of occult conspiracies.

CALCAGNI: And J. Edgar Hoover never admitted to the existence of the Mafia. (He half-smirks. The others try to hide smiles)

SCULLY: (Voice rising a little, a bit exasperated but staying reasonable) Look, if the number of murders attributed to occult conspiracies were true, it would mean thousands of people killing tens of thousands of people a year, without evidence, without being exposed... it would be the greatest criminal conspiracy in the history of civilisation.

Ausbury turns to his colleagues, then back. He walks towards Mulder and Scully.

AUSBURY: Finally, you people understand what we're up against.

MULDER: (Looks at Scully, makes quick decision) Our investigation is ongoing.

Mulder reaches to Scully, to draw her away. She goes, but looks back in sheer disbelief at Ausbury. Ausbury looks back at the others.




SCENE 8
SCHOOL CORRIDOR
The agents turn into the corridor. Mulder crosses to a drinking fountain and bends to drink.

SCULLY: (Exasperated) Mulder, this is mass hysteria. And our presence here on a routine homicide only gives validity to their fears of occult murder.

Mulder stops drinking, pauses, notices something. CU to shot of water swirling down drain of drinking fountain.

MULDER: (Half to himself) The water...

SCULLY: What's wrong with it?

MULDER: It's going down the drain counter-clockwise! Coriolis force in the Northern Hemisphere dictates that it should go down clockwise.

SCULLY: That isn't possible.

MULDER: Something's here, Scully. Something is making these things possible.

Scully looks again at the water, puzzled.




SCENE 9
SCIENCE LAB
School bell sounds in the background. MCU of Mrs Paddock as students file out, passing her papers. Cut to mls from behind her, we see that Kate and Andrea are the last to go.

PADDOCK: Girls... may I have a word? (They look nervous, uncertain, but come over warily. Mrs Paddock is the picture of concern. She says kindly) I heard on the grapevine what happened, and, well, I know how hard it is to talk to adults sometimes, even though you feel like you want to... (The girls have "where is this going" expressions) ...well, because you're young adults... What I'm trying to say is, if you feel like talking, I'm here to listen, ok? (Smiles)

The girls smile wanly.

ANDREA: (Subdued, but genuine) Thanks Mrs Paddock.

Kate murmurs acquiescence.

PADDOCK: Hang in there.

The girls turn and leave. Mrs Paddock straightens the papers in her hand. We follow her hand down as she reaches to her desk drawer, which opens to reveal a dissecting tray containing a fresh and bloody human heart and two eyeballs. She places the papers on top and shuts the drawer. We pan up to see her smiling into the distance.




SCENE 10
OUTSIDE SCHOOL
BRIEF SHOT KIDS WALKING AWAY, SAYING GOODBYES ETC.




SCENE
RECEPTION AREA OUTSIDE CALCAGNI'S OFFICE
CAPTION: CROWLEY HIGH SCHOOL PSYCHOLOGIST'S OFFICE

Scully is at a desk, working at a laptop computer, other staff going about their business around her. Pan past her to the window of Calcagni's office, where we can see Mulder and Calcagni, seated, in conversation.




SCENE 11
CALCAGNI'S OFFICE.
MULDER: (Looking through notes) Your records indicate a high incidence of students complaining of depression, headaches, eating disorders...?

CALCAGNI: This is high school. (Smiles, nods). It's normal for students to display abnormal behaviour.

MULDER: (Looks up) I'm assuming you're familiar with the early indications of repressed memory?

CALCAGNI: Just because a student has a headache doesn't mean he's repressing a memory.

MULDER: In your counselling you've found no evidence of past ritual abuse?

CALCAGNI: (SHAKES HEAD) None.

Mulder gets up, walks to the door and opens it, then turns back to Calcagni

MULDER: Would it be possible for me to speak to any of the students who've had chronic complaints?

CALCAGNI: That would be a betrayal of the doctor-patient relationship. (Shakes head again) Sorry.

Mulder looks at him thoughtfully, then leaves, shutting the door behind him. Cut to

Mulder coming out of the office, walking round to where Scully is. She continues concentrating on the laptop.

MULDER: For the body of student of complaints, he was pretty quick to dismiss my concerns.

SCULLY: Maybe there's nothing here.

MULDER: (Looks back at the office, then at Scully) Well, he's hiding something.

SCULLY: Take a look at this. (Mulder steps round to look at the screen) I found this on the Internet (Points, runs finger along screen as she speaks. cut to cu of screen: item under newsbytes: current events. Text is dated 1934. Scully reads item as we see it, we cut back to her about halfway through.

SCULLY READS:) "The discovery yesterday of a mutilated teenaged boy in the forest has police officials distressed about the possibility of a conspiratorial organization of Dark Forces."

MULDER: (Interest quickens) Where's that pulled from -- the local paper?

SCULLY: (Reading) "The Jew is known to remove organs and sacrifice teens in their religious ceremonies". (To Mulder) It's taken from "Volkischer Beobacter", a Nazi newspaper in 1934. The rumours are the same, but the blanks have been filled in with whoever must be feared or persecuted at the time. In this case, it's occultists.

Mulder crouches down by the desk, looks at her seriously.

MULDER: Modern witches, known as Wicca, are a religion. They have a great reverence for all life in Nature, they do not cast harmful spells, they don't worship Satan. Even the Church of Satan has renounced murder and torture. Their influence here wouldn't account for the frogs, or the water draining backwards, or most importantly, the murder.

SCULLY: Well, if not witches, then what?




SCENE 12
SCIENCE LAB
Mrs Paddock is wheeling around a trolley holding a large glass tank filled with what looks like dead piglets. She is doling them out to the students as she goes.

PADDOCK: For your final examination, one-half of your grade will be based on your diagram of a dissected pig embryo. (She hands one to Shannon Ausbury, who looks at it with some revulsion. The boy next to Shannon looks at it uneasily, then back at Shannon who looks faintly ill) Of course, these are actually hog embryos, belonging to the order of the archeodactyl (?????), or creatures with hooves. Be sure to remove the heart and lungs and draw a diagram of each. Be neat. (Mrs Paddock stops her trolley by a glass tank containing a huge snake. She opens the lid and tosses in a dead hog as she talks) Extra credit will be given for dissecting the heart. (We hear student groans in background. She smiles at the snake, then crosses to the front of the room) You have until the end of the period.

Mcu on Shannon, who is now looking quite ill, twitching a little, looks ready to vomit.

BOY: I'll cut it open... if you do the heart.

Shannon nods, can't take her eyes off the hog, closes her eyes as we hear the squelchy sound of it being cut open. Cut to cu of the embryo with its guts showing. Cut back to ecu on Shannon, sweating, her eyes start open, she gasps, makes other noise of distress. Cut to paddock, looking up sharply. Cut back to Shannon, obviously very distressed. Ecu on embryo heart, which beats. Ecu on Shannon, who is gasping as if she cannot breathe. Cu on the embryo, which moves its head from side to side. We hear a squeal which turns into Shannon (in cu) screaming. Brief shot of other kids in the class, startled, looking round. Back to Shannon, who screams again and again. Cut to Paddock, looking on dispassionately. Back to Shannon whose screams are mixed with hysterical sobs. Back to Paddock, who has a knowing look on her face.




SCENE 13
RECEPTION AREA OUTSIDE CALCAGNI'S OFFICE
Shannon is seated on a couch, wrapped in a blanket, still obviously distressed but quiet now. She rocks gently back and forth, oblivious to everything around her. Paddock is sitting beside her. She reaches out and strokes shannon's hair.

PADDOCK: (KINDLY) I've had this happen before. Some kids just have trouble dissecting things.

CALCAGNI WALKS OVER TO THEM.

CALCAGNI: Shannon -- I'm trying to reach your father and get him to pick you up.

SHANNON: (Becomes aware of surroundings) No!

She jerks back. Mulder and Scully, in a corner of the area, notice immediately. Calcagni crouches down in front of her, takes her hands reassuringly.

CALCAGNI: I'm sure he'll be here soon.

SHANNON: (SHOUTS) No!

She wrenches herself away, gets up, runs out of the office. Mulder follows her.

CALCAGNI: Shannon honey, come back!

PADDOCK: Shannon? Shannon!




SCENE
SCHOOL CORRIDOR
Shannon runs down the hall, sobbing wildly. Mulder runs after her.

MULDER: Shannon! You're remembering! (Shannon slows, halts just past the drinking fountain. She is crying again, but more controlled this time. Mulder walks slowly toward her, very concerned. He says softly) Tell me what you're remembering.




SCENE 14
Benches outside school, away from the main building
Shannon is sitting huddled on one set of benches, facing a very concerned scully sitting opposite her. Mulder stands by scully's side. Shannon's crying and distress escalates during the scene; she has trouble speaking, this is very hard for her. She is clearly finding this very painful.

SHANNON: (SOBBING, HALTINGLY) You know who my stepdad is, right? (MULDER AND SCULLY NOD) Jim Ausbury on the PTC. (DEEP BREATH). All right, well, my Mom, she's a teacher. Well, was a teacher. My real Dad, he uh, he ran away, and my Mom met Jim at some seminar or something... and they um, they got married. My sister and I moved up here when I was about... um, four. She was about two. Anyway... (OVER SHOT OF SCULLY, VERY CONCERNED, LISTENING) ... a, a couple of weeks ago, my class, we took a field trip to what they call the American Stonehenge... and... and.. I remembered when I was four years old, Jim took me in his car near there, and he um... he made me... in the back seat... (MULDER AND SCULLY EXCHANGE GLANCES; SHANNON'S DISTRESS INCREASING) ...he told me that if I ever told anybody that he would hurt me... As he touched me, well, I would pretend that I was like, out of my body. Deep in the ocean, down with the fish, in the dark water... Somehow, I don't know, I managed to block out all these things, but... lately it's all been... I'm remembering, you know? The others too.

SCULLY: Others?

Mulder looks quickly at her, then back to Shannon

SHANNON: ...Yeah... Men and women. They would... come to the house, you know, when my Mom was away? And they would.. uh... take me down to the basement... (BRIEF SHOT OF MULDER, LISTENING DISPASSIONATELY) It was really dark... it was like painted red, with a dirt floor. They would wear these robes, black and red and they would... sing, and they would chant, and then they would tie me and my sister up, these men and women... they would make us... do things. They called me a breeder! (RENEWED TEARS) They would get me pregnant, and then they would kill the babies... (SCULLY LOOKS AT MULDER, HER EXPRESSION UNREADABLE) ...I've had three children, and they're all buried in the cellar. (MULDER LOWERS HIS EYES) One night, Jim murdered my sister for a sacrifice. She was only eight years old! He told everybody that she died in an accident. (SCULLY MOVES TO SIT BESIDE HER; MULDER NOW LOOKS PAINED, THE STORY HAS TOUCHED A NERVE IN HIM) ...Today brought it all back, clear like it happened yesterday...

SHE MOVES TOWARD SCULLY, WHO HOLDS HER AS SHE GOES INTO A FRESH BURST OF SOBBING.(ad break)




SCENE 15
AUSBURY RESIDENCE
A QUIET, SUBURBAN STREET. MULDER AND SCULLY'S CAR PULLS INTO THE AUSBURY'S DRIVEWAY, WE HEAR THEIR VOICES OVER.

MULDER: Imagine... if what she said is true...

SCULLY: Why don't we just wait and see what her parents have to say?

The car stops, they get out and walk towards the front door. They get about halfway along the path when the door opens and Jim Ausbury hurries out to meet them. Mrs Ausbury is visible behind him. She stays in the doorway, hugging her cardigan to her.

AUSBURY: (WORRIED, AGITATED) Where's Shannon? They told me you were bringing her home.

SCULLY: She wanted to remain with friends. And... under the circumstances, we thought it best.

AUSBURY: Circumstances? Why wouldn't she want to come home?

LIVING ROOM, AUSBURY RESIDENCE

Cu Ausbury, clearly very shaken. Mrs Ausbury's sobbing can be heard in the background.

AUSBURY: Someone, or something, has obviously put these things into her mind.

He looks at Mulder, who catches Scully's eye and nods silently towards the kitchen.

SCULLY: Mrs Ausbury? Er, perhaps you'd like a glass of water.

We see Mrs Ausbury, overcome, sobbing quietly. She manages a tiny nod. She is barely audible.

MRS AUSBURY: ...Yes, thank you...

Makes visible effort to pull herself together. Mls of room, we see that the ausbury's are sitting side by side on a couch, Scully sitting on a chair opposite them, Mulder standing to one side of Jim Ausbury.

MULDER: Mr Ausbury?

He motions toward the kitchen. Ausbury looks at his wife in concern, he clearly doesn't want to leave her, but gets up and walks out of shot. Mulder follows. Mrs Ausbury is left hugging herself nervously, still upset but calmer. Scully shifts in her seat.

SCULLY: Mrs Ausbury... your daughter has not accused you of any involvement in these activities. (MRS AUSBURY SHAKES HER HEAD SLIGHTLY) Do you have any idea why Shannon might have said these things?

MRS AUSBURY: (SIGHS) Jim and I have been having... marriage problems, lately... we're committed to working them out. Maybe we haven't been... paying enough attention to Shannon. (PAUSES AS IF DECIDING WHETHER TO SPEAK FURTHER) She and I don't... we don't get along. We fight.

SCULLY: Have you ever known Shannon to be pregnant?

MRS AUSBURY: Of course not! (DEFENSIVE) She's fifteen years old! How can you possibly believe such--

SCULLY: Have you ever had another child?

MRS AUSBURY: (VISIBLY STARTLED, NODS) A girl. Theresa... (QUIET) She died.

SCULLY: At eight years old?

MRS AUSBURY: (SHAKING HER HEAD GENTLY, IN AN OLD SADNESS) Eight weeks. (SOFT) It was crib death.

SCULLY SIGHS.

Cu glass under tap, overflowing. A hand turns the tap off, pan up to Ausbury's face. Mulder stands behind him, walks closer.

MULDER: Did you do it?

Ausbury turns to look at him, the beginnings of shock and anger on his face. The glass in his hand shatters, the noise startling them both. He drops the remainder of the glass into the sink.

AUSBURY: (CONTROLLED, BUT VERY ANGRY) I would kill anyone who did the things to her that she claims.

He turns and walks to the other side of the kitchen, begins cleaning his hand up on a teatowel. Mulder's attention is caught by something out of shot on the opposite side of the room. He walks toward it.

MULDER: That's not a very Christian tenet.

We see him over by a wooden door. He opens it. Ausbury doesn't notice.

AUSBURY: Thou -- God of Vengeance -- shine forth. (BITTERLY)

MULDER'S POV: LOOKING DOWN A FLIGHT OF STEPS INTO A CELLAR.

MULDER: Even the Devil can quote scripture to fit his needs.

Ausbury turns and sees what Mulder is doing. The door slams shut by itself, startling Mulder. Ausbury doesn't seem to notice. He is furious, shouting.

AUSBURY: How dare you! Get out of our house! (GESTURES ABRUPTLY). As far as I know, you put those ideas in my daughter's head. Now get -- out! (MULDER, LOOKING LESS CERTAIN THAN BEFORE, MOVES TO LEAVE. AUSBURY WATCHES HIM GO) The Devil travels in many forms. And you may be one!




SCENE 16
SCIENCE LAB
MCU MRS PADDOCK, LOOKING CONCERNED.

PADDOCK: (KINDLY) Are you sure you're up to this, Shannon? I heard about what you said.

Shannon is at her bench, with a fresh hog embryo on a tray in front of her. Mrs Paddock stands on the other side of the bench.

SHANNON: I'll be OK. (SMILES BRAVELY) I don't want to miss the final. (PADDOCK SMILES)

PADDOCK: I'll be in my office, if you're feeling funny. (THEY EXCHANGE SMILES, PADDOCK STARTS TO WALK OUT THEN TURNS BACK) Maybe you ought to remove your jewelry. You wouldn't want to lose it in some pig's guts. (SHANNON GRINS, TAKES OFF HER BRACELET AND HANDS IT OVER) I'll hold it for you until you're finished.

Paddock walks back to her office. Shannon breathes deeply, steels herself for the job. Cut to her pov of the embryo on the tray. Cut to Shannon again; over her shoulder, we can see Paddock in her office, looking out. She closes the venetian blinds.




SCENE 17
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Cu of a candle, flickering. A hand rises in front of it and stops just over the flame. It is holding Shannon's charm bracelet. We hear weird animalistic groans. Pan up to Mrs Paddock's face. She is sweating, eyes staring fixedly, breathing in a laboured and weird-sounding way.




SCENE 18
SCIENCE LAB
Shannon looks down at the embryo. She seems strangely calm, almost as if she is making a decision. She picks up a scalpel and looks at it.




SCENE 19
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Groans, breathing noises etc. Paddock's other hand, shaking, rises from her desktop. She brings it up slowly in front of her face, then pinches the thumb and forefinger together as if she is holding something between them.

SCIENCE LAB

Cu Shannon's hand with scalpel, held between her thumb and forefinger, echoing paddock's gesture.

PADDOCK'S OFFICE

Paddock lowers the hand until it rests under the wrist of the hand over the flame.

SCIENCE LAB

CU Shannon's hand with the scalpel, moving to rest gently against the underside of her other wrist.

PADDOCK'S OFFICE

CU Paddock's face, then her hand as she makes a violent slashing gesture under her outstretched wrist. Cu on her face as we hear a scream from outside. Cut to bracelet falling onto desktop; the scream seems to die as it lands.

SCIENCE LAB

Curving pan from above, showing Shannon sprawled face down on the floor of the lab, her stool knocked over, pig embryo and tray on the floor next to her, blood pooling under her wrist. The sound of Paddock's breathing subsides as we get closer to Shannon.

Lightning and thunder going on outside, the flashes visible even in the lit room, which is full of policemen examining things. Scully is talking to a seemingly distraught Mrs Paddock and making notes. Mulder is examining the snake's tank. He straightens up and looks over at Scully and Paddock.

PADDOCK: (UPSET) I heard the crash, and the chair, and came running out of the office.

SCULLY: Did you see anybody leaving the room? (Mulder looks over at her again, then walks towards her office. Paddock doesn't notice; she shakes her head in response to Sscully's questioning) Did you hear the door open?

PADDOCK: I lock the doors after school, when I'm alone. I... I get afraid.




SCENE 20
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Mulder wanders in, looks around. He notices shannon's bracelet on the desk and picks it up.




SCENE 21
NIGHT. CAR PARK OUTSIDE SCHOOL
Ausbury, Deborah, Vitaris and Calcagni are standing in the rain, huddled under umbrellas, watching the police cars and other activity near the school.

DEBORAH: I feel a dark angel is amongst us. It wants a sacrifice.

VITARIS: (INCREDULOUSLY) It's been years since we've done that.

CALCAGNI: Exactly. Exactly. We haven't kept our faith.

AUSBURY: (SHAKEN, ANGRY) Are any of you... responsible... for my daughter? (HE DOES NOT LOOK AT THEM AS HE ASKS)

CALCAGNI: We all are. (AUSBURY LOOKS SHARPLY AT HIM) She was sacrificed... (HE LOOKS INTENTLY AT EACH OTHER MEMBER OF THE GROUP AS HE SPEAKS) ...for us. It's a portent. Shannon's death allows us to get rid of the police, the FBI... it can all be blamed on her. (AUSBURY IS SPEECHLESS)

DEBORAH: Jim. You tell them she had a thing for Jerry Stevens. She killed him out of jealousy.

VITARIS: (SLOWLY, AS IF THINKING IT OUT AS HE SPEAKS) She cut out his eyes, because she couldn't stand to have him look at another girl. And his heart, because she was heartbroken. (AUSBURY IS STONE-FACED)

CALCAGNI: When they leave, and they're gone, we must rekindle our faith rather than lose it.

LIGHTNING FLASHES, ILLUMINATING AUSBURY. THUNDER AS HE TURNS AND STARES AT THE OTHERS.




SCENE 22
SCIENCE LAB
MCU PADDOCK, WET-EYED, TEAR TRACKS ON HER CHEEKS.

PADDOCK: I never imagined she would hurt herself like that. I'm old-fashioned, Agent Scully, I can't bring myself to believe children are capable of such things as they are these days. (She looks away, stifles a sob. Scully remains impassive. Paddock notices mulder who has returned and is holding Shannon's bracelet. He looks up, meets her gaze) She wanted me to hold that for her.

Mulder looks again at the bracelet, then motions silently to Scully.

SCULLY: (TO PADDOCK) Excuse me...

She puts her pen down on a bench, then walks away with Mulder. They speak quietly.

MULDER: Her office has a faint odour of incense. (LOOKS BACK AT THE DISTRAUGHT PADDOCK).

SCULLY: She says it's to block the smell of formaldehyde.

MULDER: It's also used in Black Mass rituals.

SCULLY: Well, I've got to admit there are some oddities to her story.

MULDER: What do you mean, oddities?

SCULLY: Well, the man she replaced has taken two sick days in a fifteen-year career. The morning of Jerry Stevens' murder Mr Kingary (???) developed necrotizing fasciitis.

MULDER: Flesh-eating bacteria? (APPRECIATIVELY) That's very rare.

SCULLY: I know. And when I questioned the other staff members about Mrs Paddock's background, no-one can even recall hiring her. (Big lightning crash. They both look up, startled, then back at each other. Cut to Paddock staring over at them. She turns back to look at the bench in front of her, slowly focusing on Scully's pen) Oh, look, I'm even getting caught up in this. I mean I'm... I'm sure that Mrs Paddock's arrival and the teacher's sickness is just a coincidence. And the fact that no-one can recall hiring her -- it's just a bureaucratic oversight.

MULDER: No, I've got a feeling this is something we both should get caught up in. I'm going to get a search warrant for the Ausbury house -- I've been told they're staying with friends. (HE GLANCES OVER AT PADDOCK) You check deeper into Mrs Paddock.

MORE LIGHTNING. THIS TIME THE LIGHTS GO OUT.

COP: Power's out.

Mrs Paddock reaches forward and grabs the pen, holding it in both hands as she watches Mulder and Scully.




SCENE 23
KITCHEN, AUSBURY RESIDENCE
It is very dark. Mulder enters with his flashlight, walks over to the cellar door, noting it is bolted shut. He opens it, shines his torch down the staircase and goes down.
CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE

Mulder reaches the bottom of the steps and walks around the cellar, shining the light around. We see that it has a dirt floor and red walls. He turns sharply. Ausbury is standing behind him.




SCENE 24
RECEPTION AREA OUTSIDE CALCAGNI'S OFFICE
Scully is working on her laptop again. The light from the computer and occasional lightning flashes are the only illumination. Cu of the compter screen reveals she is doing a name search for "Paddock, Phyllis H." the computer searches, then comes up with the results "prior arrests: none" and "outstanding warrants: none". Cu Sscully, "hmm"-ing, deep in thought.




SCENE 25
CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE
Ausbury is looking at the wall, Mulder stands impassively behind him.

AUSBURY: My religion, my family, Agent Mulder, goes back in this town seven generations. They fled persecution from people being persecuted, all in the name of religion. (SAID WITH DISTASTE. HE TURNS TO FACE MULDER) I was raised to believe Christianity was synonymous with hypocrisy. Man's natural tendency was to do as thou wilst, not do unto others. (HE WALKS SLOWLY PAST MULDER. MULDER TURNS, WATCHING HIM) We believe... Man is nothing but an animal, no better, no worse, than those who walk on four legs. And though I believed our faith kept us powerful in the community, wealthy, good health, I... I came to see hypocrisy in the others. (HE TURNS TO LOOK AT MULDER) In me. (EMPHATICALLY) When they told me to blame my dead daughter for Jerry Stevens' death, my reaction... I was sick that they would villify an innocent... someone I loved... (BECOMING EMOTIONAL) just to protect themselves. And at that moment, I knew... I am better than an animal! That my... previous beliefs were responsible... for her no longer being with us. And that it was time to talk to you.

MULDER NODS SYMPATHETICALLY.




SCENE 26
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Lightning, thunder. Paddock is in animalistic groaning mode again, holding Scully's pen over the candle.




SCENE 27
RECEPTION AREA OUTSIDE CALCAGNI'S OFFICE
Cu scully looking thoughtfully at the laptop. Cu screen, showing the results of a work search on Paddock. There is a list of legitimate-looking teaching jobs stretching from 1974 to the present.

SCULLY: (TO HERSELF) Clean.

41. INT. NIGHT. PADDOCK'S OFFICE

Paddock's hand over the candle. Groans, breathing, shaking, sweating as before.




SCENE 28
CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE
Mulder is pacing up and down. Ausbury looks resolved, somehow at peace.

MULDER: Did you abuse Shannon?

AUSBURY: (EMPHATIC) Never sexually.

MULDER: The rituals.

AUSBURY: (SIGHS). The blood of the young is considered very powerful. We'd include them in the ceremonies... against their will. (MULDER LOOKS AWAY IN DISGUST) They were too young to be trusted not to talk. (EMPHATIC) But we never physically hurt them. We'd slip over the ancient rituals that we didn't want to do.

MULDER: Like... drinking grape juice instead of wine at Communion? (AUSBURY HALF-NODS, WALKS AWAY) What about Shannon's memories? (AUSBURY TURNS BACK.)

AUSBURY: We'd perform a sort of post-hypnotic suggestion that repressed their memories. (MULDER DISGUSTED AS BEFORE) When they came of age, eighteen, twenty- one, then they were made aware of the religion, and brought into its practice. When she recalled the past events, she must have mixed up reality with... with that crap that's on Geraldo and the tabloids.

MULDER: Did the others kill Jerry Stevens? (AUSBURY SHAKES HIS HEAD) Shannon?

AUSBURY: (TINIEST OF PAUSES, BUT ANSWERS EMPHATICALLY) No.

MULDER: But you are responsible. You knew the possibilities contained in your beliefs, no matter how watered down. (AUSBURY IS IMPASSIVE, STONY-FACED) Did you really think you could call up the Devil and ask him to behave?




SCENE 29
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Paddock, groaning, breathing etc, stretches out a hand stiffly and knocks the receiver off her telephone. She jerkily stabs out a sequence of numbers, then picks up the receiver.




SCENE 30
CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE
MULDER: Who are the others? (MULDER'S PHONE RINGS TWICE. HE HAULS IT OUT OF HIS POCKET EXASPERATEDLY) Yeah? (WE HEAR SCULLY'S VOICE, FAINT AND SCARED)

SCULLY: Mulder... the school... I'm in trouble.

WE HEAR A BUZZ OF STATIC, AND SHE IS CUT OFF

MULDER: Scully? (HE PACKS THE PHONE AWAY) I've got an emergency. (He takes Ausbury by the arm and leads him unprotestingly to the staircase) I'm placing you under arrest. (He handcuffs ausbury to the bannister and puts his torch down on the stairs) I'll be back for you later.

He dashes up the stairs, closes the door and bolts it. Ausbury watches him go.

Mulder runs out of the front door, gets into the car and backs it out of the driveway in a tearing hurry.

Ausbury, sitting on the floor next to the stairs, is crying. He is the picture of despair. The camera pans up his cuffed arm to the top of the stairs. Cut to cu of the bolt, which suddenly slides open. Mcu of the door creaking quietly open; there is nobody there. Ausbury does not notice. cu top step: the snake from the lab slides into view and starts making its way down the stairs. We follow it down, watching past Ausbury who remains unaware of it until it slides over his right shoulder and around his neck. He yells in fright and tries to shake it off, but it winds around and around his neck and body. We see him trying to pull it off, then hear him starting to choke; faint cracking sounds can be heard, implying his bones being crushed perhaps.




SCENE 31
CAR PARK OUTSIDE SCHOOL
Mulder's car pulls up. He leaps out, and runs into the building, getting his gun out as he goes.

CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE

Cu on Ausbury's face as he chokes, bone noises still evident. He is finally still. The snake slides down onto the cellar floor, then turns to face Ausbury's foot and widens its jaws.




SCENE 32
DOOR OF RECEPTION AREA OUTSIDE CALCAGNI'S OFFICE
Mulder, gun out, opens the door and enters the reception area. Scully is still at the desk.

MULDER: Scully!

SCULLY: (LOOKS UP, STARTLED) Mulder! What's wrong?

MULDER: (LOWERING GUN) You called me! You said you were in trouble.

SCULLY: No, I didn't touch the phone. (MULDER LOOKS BEMUSED.)




SCENE 33
CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE
Cu on the snake's head, atop a hideously engorged body, as it closes its mouth.




SCENE 34
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Cu on Paddock's face, she looks almost in pain. She holds the candle up to her face, licks her lips quickly, then opens her eyes. They are not human. At first they look almost black, but we then see the pupils are oval, like cat's eyes. Ecu on one showing blotchy red and blue iris, strange and disturbing patterns.

AUSBURY RESIDENCE

Long shot showing that Mulder and Scully's car is back in the drive.

KITCHEN, AUSBURY RESIDENCE

Long shot from the kitchen showing the view to the hall. We see flashlights, then Mulder and Scully coming through to the kitchen.

MULDER: Ausbury confessed to conspiracy. He was going to give up the names of everybody involved, parents, teachers...

SCULLY: I checked on Mrs Paddock's background. I don't think she's involved.

Cu of Mulder's face as he pauses, cut to follow his torch as it shows the cellar door is ajar. He looks at Scully, pulls out his gun, advances carefully to the door. Mulder knocks it aside, goes downstairs. Scully follows.

CELLAR, AUSBURY RESIDENCE

Cu of handcuffs, still attached to the bannister but now empty. Ausbury has vanished. Mulder and Scully reach the cellar floor and shine their lights around. Mulder's light picks out a crushed and bloody skeleton, folded in on itself, about a metre away. They go over to it, both crouch down.

SCULLY: My God. (FASCINATED) You think that's some kind of acid?

Mulder turns, shines his torch on the stair posts.

MULDER: There's no evidence of any reaction of the wood from the acid. (HE TURNS BACK) There are tracks in the dirt... they're from a snake.

SCULLY: (BRUSHING HAIR BACK, DISBELIEF) That's impossible! It would take a large python hours to consume and weeks to digest a human being.

MULDER: You really do watch the Learning Channel. (HE GETS UP, GOES TO PICK SOMETHING UP FROM THE FLOOR. HE HOLDS IT UP, PLAYING HIS TORCH OVER IT) Scully. (SHE TURNS TO LOOK) Snakeskin.

SCULLY: (PAUSES BRIEFLY) There's a python in Paddock's room.




SCENE 35
CONFERENCE ROOM, CROWLEY HIGH SCHOOL

Cu on ptc plaque as in opening shot, different angle. Lighting, thunder etc subsequent shots reveal the office is lit by three candles.

VITARIS: (MATTER OF FACTLY) Sheriff Oakes called me. Jim Ausbury is dead. He was talking to the FBI.

DEBORAH: (IMPASSIVE) Did they kill him?

CALCAGNI: (SEEMS JUST SLIGHTLY AGITATED, BUT IN CONTROL) You know who killed him. Ausbury was no believer. He had no real faith, no devotion. He was punished for his doubts. (HE LOOKS BETWEEN THEM) We have to act. Or the same thing will happen to us. If it's not already too late.

DEBORAH: (SWALLOWING -- SHE LOOKS RATTLED FOR THE FIRST TIME) We have to assume Jim told them who we are.

CALCAGNI: (CALM, RATIONAL) If Mulder knows, it will make the offering all the more meaningful.

THEY LOOK AT EACH OTHER. A FAINT MOTOR NOISE OUTSIDE IS HEARD. DEBORAH CROSSES TO THE WINDOW AND LOOKS OUT. WE SEE HER POV: MULDER AND SCULLY'S CAR ARRIVING.

DEBORAH: They're here. (Vitaris blows out the candles. Calcagni crosses to the door, Deborah and Vitaris follow him. Calcagni opens the door) Lock the office.

CALCAGNI FEELS AROUND IN HIS JACKET.

CALCAGNI: No keys. (SLIGHT NOTE OF PANIC) They were in my pocket!




SCENE 36
SCIENCE LAB
Pan through the lab, showing furniture overturned, equipment broken, to door, which opens. Mulder and Scully step through. Choking groans can be heard. Mulder goes one way, Scully another. Scully notices something.

SCULLY: Mulder. (Paddock is lying on the floor next to the bench with the snake's tank on it. The tank is broken and empty. Scully crosses to her, Mulder follows. They both crouch down) Mrs Paddock? What happened?

Paddock is bleeding from the nose. Her glasses have been knocked to the floor beside her, she is clutching her abdomen. She speaks feebly and is wild-eyed.

PADDOCK: I... I... I came back... they were taking the snake...(As she speaks, Mulder and Scully are making their coats into a makeshift pillow and blanket for her) Miss Brown, Mr Vitaris... there are things about them I learned, I must tell you... I think they killed that boy!

Mulder has his phone out and is waiting for a response

MULDER: We know about that.

PADDOCK: (WHISPERING, LOOKING ROUND WILDLY) Conference room... it's all there!

THE PHONE IS BUSY. MULDER PUTS IT AWAY AS HE SPEAKS.

MULDER: Paramedics must be tied up by the storm. You just stay there, Mrs Paddock. I'm going to lock the door.

HE TAKES HIS FLASHLIGHT AND HURRIES OFF.

SCULLY: Just stay still. We'll be back.

She hurries after mulder. Cu on Paddock, lit by storm. She stops shaking and lies almost inanimately still.

HALL OUTSIDE CONFERENCE ROOM

Mulder and Scully approach the conference room door. Scully knocks it open, Mulder enters, gun at the ready. The room appears empty. Satisfied it appears safe, they both go in.




SCENE 37
CONFERENCE ROOM
Mulder shines his torch around, keeping his gun ready. Scully puts her light down, tries the drawers of filing cabinets with no luck. She crosses to the desk and opens the drawer. cu on contents: a glass jar containing eyeballs. She picks it up, holds it so Mulder can see. He shines the torch on it, motions for her to come closer. She walks over to him, holds it in the torch beam. They look at each other. Scully is about to say something when a bright light and loud crash sound behind Mulder. He turns just in time to be hit with a chair held by Vitaris. He stumbles and knocks into a set of bookshelves which falls on Scully. She cries out as she is knocked to the floor. Vitaris charges at Mulder again, but overshoots and runs into the desk. Mulder grabs him, slams him down onto the desk and hits him. Scully scrabbles for her gun, but Deborah appears, snatches it and trains it on Scully, who goes still, hands held over her face. Mulder and Vitaris are trading punches. Vitaris goes down, but Mulder is felled from behind by Calcagni, who has belted him on the head with his own torch. Calcagni looks down at him.




SCENE 38
CROWLEY HIGH SCHOOL GYMNASIUM
Deborah walks across the gym, dragging Scully behind her. Scully's hands are tied behind her back, and her legs are tied together. Vitaris appears dragging mulder, similarly tied. They make for a door on the other side of the gym. Calcagni follows, torch in one hand and shotgun in the other.




SCENE 39
GYMNASIUM SHOWERS
Calcagni turns the water on in two stalls. Water flows out full-bore; Mulder and Scully, lying on the tiles, cough and splutter as it hits them. Mulder is bleeding from a head wound.

CALCAGNI: It'll make the blood easier to clean up.

Shot of Deborah and Vitaris looking down at the agents. Deborah raises her hands to eye level. She is clasping a large, ceremonial, dagger.

DEBORAH: Dominus Inferus Vobisum!

CALCAGNI/VITARIS: Et conferum (?????)

They shine their torches on Mulder and Scully. Deborah moves over to Mulder and kneels. She raises the dagger higher, preparing to strike. We hear the shotgun being cocked in the background.

DEBORAH: Zeine ist die hand die verletzt. (Paul raises the gun and aims it) Forum dubai (????) (She brings the dagger down sharply. We hear a shot)




SCENE 40
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Paddock groaning, breathing etc; hand over candle




SCENE 41
GYMNASIUM SHOWERS
Calcagni cracks open the gun and the spent cartridges pop out onto the floor. He reaches into his pocket for more ammunition. He is staring fixedly downwards. Cut to Mulder and Scully, both still alive, struggling, turning to look up at him. Back to Calcagni, who raises the gun, up, up until it is pointing at his own head. Cut to Mulder and Scully, who exclaim in horror and look away. A flash, a shot rings out.




SCENE 42
PADDOCK'S OFFICE
Cu of a set of keys dropping onto the desk. Cu Paddock through the candle flame.

PADDOCK: You're right. It is already too late. SHE BLOWS OUT THE CANDLE.(ad break)




SCENE 43
GYMNASIUM SHOWERS
MULDER AND SCULLY ARE STRUGGLING TO GET FREE.

SCULLY: Oh God... Mulder, did you see his face? (HE NODS, SHE CAN'T SEE HIM) It was as if something else had control of him.

MULDER: Paddock.




SCENE 44
SCIENCE LAB
Mulder and Scully, now free, soaked, come into the lab, looking around.

SCULLY: Mrs Paddock? (Mulder walks to where they left her. There is no sign of her, only their coats) Mulder.

Mulder goes over to her. She is at the blackboard. Mulder shines his torch where she is looking. There is writing on the board. We pan with the light along the words... "Goodbye. It's been nice working with you." Mulder and Scully look at each other. The power suddenly returns. They switch off their torches and look around the room, which is a mess, stools, racks etc knocked over, equipment smashed and broken. They turn back to the board, then back to each other.

[Fade to black]

[THE END]

SCENE 1
FOLKSTONE, NORTH CAROLINA
(Early morning, winter. Residential street. House of PRIVATE JACK MCALPIN and his wife ROBIN MCALPIN. ROBIN MCALPIN is lying in bed alone just waking up to the sounds of a toddler crying.)

MRS. MCALPIN: (sleepily) Your turn. (no answer) Jack? (she gets out of bed and crosses to the bathroom door where she hears someone being physically ill) Honey? (toilet flushes) Are you still feeling sick?

PRIVATE MCALPIN: (angrily, coming out of the bathroom) Whats the matter with you? Cant you hear the baby is crying?

(He roughly passes by her. Later, she sits at the breakfast table with their toddler eating breakfast. )

MRS. MCALPIN: (to toddler) How bout some cereal, Honey?

(PRIVATE MCALPIN, still angry, comes downstairs in army fatigues, pours himself cereal.)

MRS. MCALPIN: (quietly) You were having those awful dreams again last night.

PRIVATE MCALPIN: I didnt sleep long enough to be dreaming.

MRS. MCALPIN: I want you to go to the doctor. Find out whats wrong. Will you do that?

PRIVATE MCALPIN: (yelling) Id just like to eat my breakfast in peace! Do you think thats possible.

(MRS. MCALPIN cowers under his yelling and begins crying. The baby begins crying and she tries to comfort him. PRIVATE MCALPIN takes a bite of his cereal. When he looks in his bowl he sees an mass of wiggling meal worms. He spits out the food in disgust and runs out the door.)

MRS. MCALPIN: (crying, not understanding) Jack, what is it?!

(He runs out door past jockey statue that has been painted white. He gets in car and drives away quickly. Camera switches back to the statue which now has black maggoty things crawling on its face. PRIVATE MCALPIN is driving very fast. He looks at himself in the rearview mirror. His face is covered with black and red pustules, but only in the mirror. We see that his face is actually clear. He steers the car at full speed into the trunk of a large tree beside the road. The car is totaled. Camera pans around to show an intricate symbol painted on the backside of the tree.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
COUNTY ROAD 10
FOLKSTONE, NORTH CAROLINA
(MULDER and SCULLY are driving along rural road. SCULLY looks through the file on PRIVATE MCALPIN.)

MULDER: Private John McAlpin-- one of the few, the proud ... the dead. Last week he wrapped his car around a tree. Died on impact.

SCULLY: (reading) Drug and alcohol tests came back negative. Car shows no evidence of brake, steering or any other mechanical failure.

MULDER: The military is calling it a suicideTheyre especially concerned because its the second one in as many weeks.

SCULLY: Both at the same base?

MULDER: Yeah, except that it's not exactly a base. Flip to the back. The Marines were all stationed at the Folkstone processing center in North Carolina. More than 12,000 refugees waiting for asylum from Uncle Sam.

SCULLY: Wasn't there a riot there about a month ago?

MULDER: A ten year old boy was killed but the uh, details of his death were never released.

SCULLY: Why did the military contact us?

MULDER: They didn't. Mrs. McAlpin contacted the Bureau when the military refused her request to investigate her husband's death further.

SCULLY: She doesnt believe it was suicide.

MULDER: (pointing) There.

(MULDER stops beside the tree that MCALPINE ran into. They get out and look at the symbol painted on the tree.)

MULDER: This is the tree that stopped Private McAlpin's car. State police reported there's graffiti on the bark.

SCULLY: It looks like some kind of ritual symbol.

MULDER: Most of the refugees at Folkstone are Haitian.

SCULLY: Mrs. McAlpin believes voodoo was behind her husband's death?

MULDER: Mrs. McAlpin doesn't believe her husband killed himself. She wants to know who did.




SCENE 3
(MCALPINs house. The toddler plays on the floor as MRS. MCALPIN talks to MULDER and SCULLY at the kitchen table.)

MRS. MCALPIN: Jack used to tell these jokes. Well, they were pretty dumb, I guess, but the way he told them always made me laugh. Then he got transferred to the camp and nothing was very funny anymore.

SCULLY: Did he ever discuss with you what went on there? What his duties included?

MRS. MCALPIN: No. He'd just come home angry, mostly at himself though sometimes he'd turn it on Luke and me.

SCULLY: Was he ever treated for depression or stress?

MRS. MCALPIN: No. I tried getting him to talk to someone, even our minister, but Jack believed in dealing with his own problems.

MULDER: Did he believe in voodoo?

MRS. MCALPIN: The Marines, his family and football pretty much sums up everything Jack believed in.

MULDER: So, when did you first think that his death involved something out of the ordinary?

MRS. MCALPIN: One of the boys in his squad told me what they found at the accident and he said it was some kind of voodoo curse -- the same one they found on the stool that Puerto Rican boy used to hang himself.

MULDER: Who told you that?

MRS. MCALPIN: Harry Dunham. He's from New Orleans so he's pretty superstitious about that type of thing.

MULDER: What about you?

MRS. MCALPIN: My husband had just died so I didn't give it much thought either way... Not until Luke dug this up out of his sandbox.

(MRS. MCALPIN reaches down and produces a large pink conch shell with the same symbol that was on the tree painted on the lip of the shell. MULDER and SCULLY look at each other.)

MRS. MCALPIN: I know it sounds crazy me worrying about all this but the truth is, I'm scared. I'm scared for my child... And I just don't know what to do anymore.




SCENE 4
FOLKSTONE INS PROCESSING CENTER
(MULDER and SCULLY enter military-like compound with an armed escort, SCULLY a pace behind MULDER. Barbed wire fences and aluminum buildings. Not a pleasant place. Haitian male refugees stare at them. In the mess hall, one of the men grabs SCULLY and begins yelling at her in Creole. A young Haitian boy, CHESTER, pushes the man away from SCULLY.)

CHESTER: Go! Go! Get away! Get away! (the man leaves) Hes crazy. Too much rum. (smiles at SCULLY, a young con artist) For such a pretty lady its dangerous out here. You need something pour vous gardez --- for protection. (produces small decorated cloth bag from his pocket) Your lucky charm.

SCULLY: (ignoring him) Come on, Mulder.

MULDER: How much?

CHESTER: Five  (changes mind) Ten.

MULDER: Ill give you five.

SCULLY: (over it) Lets go, Mulder.

MULDER: You should always carry protection. Hold on. (hands CHESTER money and takes small cloth bag) There you go.

(Later, MULDER and SCULLY sit in COLONEL WHARTONs office. COLONEL WHARTON is tough, no nonsense Marine.)

COLONEL WHARTON: I'm still not clear just what it is you're investigating here.

SCULLY: Two of your men have died in the past two weeks allegedly of self-inflicted injuries.

COLONEL WHARTON: And I've taken every measure to see it doesn't happen again. I've even flown in the 528th combat stress control detachment from Camp LeJeune.

SCULLY: But your soldiers aren't in combat.

COLONEL WHARTON: In some ways what we're dealing with here is worse.

SCULLY: How so?

COLONEL WHARTON: We're soldiers. We're not prison guards. And we're being asked to police a hostile population of foreigners without the resources to feed or house them. There are bound to be some conflicts.

SCULLY: So your men are getting the brunt of the refugees' frustration?

COLONEL WHARTON: It's hatred, plain and simple. They hate us and all I can do is see that they're processed as efficiently as possible.

MULDER: Colonel Wharton, a, uh... A certain ritual sign was found at the scene of both deaths. Is there anything you can tell us about that?

COLONEL WHARTON: Not much. Apparently, it's some sort of voodoo marking.

MULDER: But you haven't investigated it as a possibility.

COLONEL WHARTON: Possibility of what? All I know is voodoo caused a riot in my camp. One night they held some secret ceremony. The next day all hell broke loose.

MULDER: We understand a refugee was killed-- a young boy.

COLONEL WHARTON: No one felt that tragedy more deeply than me. Fortunately, I was able to isolate the one responsible for instigating all the trouble.

MULDER: Who would that be?

COLONEL WHARTON: His name is Bauvais. Pierre Bauvais. Thinks he's some kind of revolutionary.

MULDER: Do you think we could speak with him?

COLONEL WHARTON: If you don't mind listening to his laundry list of complaints.

SCULLY: I'd also like to examine Private McAlpin's body. I have a signed consent from his wife.

COLONEL WHARTON: (indicating soldier standing at the door) Private Dunham will help you with whatever you need.

(PRIVATE DUNHAM opens door for them. MULDER guides SCULLY out, his hand on her lower back. As they pass him, PRIVATE DUNHAM glances nervously back at COLONEL WHARTON, then follows MULDER and SCULLY.)




SCENE 5
TEMPORARY CAMP MORGUE
(SCULLY is interviewing the coroner, FOYLE.)

CORONER FOYLE: Cause of death was no great mystery. That boy was doing 60 when he hit the tree.

SCULLY: So they pronounced him at the scene?

CORONER FOYLE: His head was hanging on his shoulders like a broken peony and he had no respiratory or cardiac functioning. I saw no reason to conduct an autopsy then and I still don't. Well, you can see for yourself.

(CORONER FOYLE roughly opens the drawer. They stare in shock at the badly decayed dog carcass lying where a human body should be.)

CORONER FOYLE: What kind of a sick joke is this? Jackson!

JACKSON: (voice off camera) Sir?

CORONER FOYLE: (exiting) Who the hell's been in here?! Someones tampered with McAlpins body and I want to know who!

(SCULLY looks down at the dog corpse.)




SCENE 6
PROCESSING CENTER BRIG
(Same time, PRIVATE DUNHAM leads MULDER down to BAUVAISs cell, solitary lockup area.)

MULDER: Youre Harry Dunham.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: Yes, sir.

MULDER: You knew Private McAlpin? His wife said you were friends.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: We were in the same squad.

MULDER: Any idea why he might have killed himself?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: I can't say, sir.

MULDER: You can't say or you won't say?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: I'll be right here if you need me.

(MULDER enters BAUVAIS chain link cell. BAUVAIS is a large Haitian man, very calm and mysterious. Thick Creole accent.)

MULDER: My name is Mulder. I'm with the FBI. I was hoping you could answer some questions about the two US Marines who took their own lives.

BAUVAIS: It is a terrible shame.

MULDER: I'm not convinced it's as simple as that.

BAUVAIS: You do not believe I was involved in this, do you? How could I be... When they keep me locked up in here?

MULDER: You tell me. These photographs were taken at the sites of both deaths. (shows him photos) The shell was found buried under one of the soldiers' homes. Can you tell me about the symbol?

BAUVAIS: Why? What do you expect to learn from this?

MULDER: Just the truth. One of the Marines left behind a wife. She's too frightened to even mourn. She deserves some peace of mind.

BAUVAIS: It is the Loco-Miroir the crossroads between the two worlds-- the mirror in which a man must confront his true self. These Marines... Maybe they didn't like what they saw.

MULDER: Colonel Wharton says you incited the riot last month.

BAUVAIS: My country was born on the blood of slaves. Freedom is our most sacred legacy.

MULDER: Does that mean you would kill to preserve it?

BAUVAIS: Wharton will not let us return home... Which is all we ask.

(SCULLY enters.)

SCULLY: Mulder, I need to speak with you.

BAUVAIS: Shes come to tell you the Marine is gone.

(BAUVAIS and SCULLY stare at each other. SCULLY is clearly unnerved by the man.)

SCULLY: How did you know?

BAUVAIS: Its the spirits. The Loa have warned you.

(BAUVAIS stands backlit. SCULLY can only see his outline. Shades of "Irresistible".)

SCULLY: Somebody stole McAlpin's body and replaced it with what looks like a dog's corpse.

BAUVAIS: They will only warn you once. After that, no magic can save you.

(MULDER quickly steps between BAUVAIS and SCULLY blocking her from the prisoners intense stare.)

MULDER: Come on, Scully. Let's go.

(They exit.)




SCENE 7
(Night. MULDER and SCULLY on the road. SCULLY driving.)

MULDER: So what do you think happened to Private McAlpin?

SCULLY: Somehow, Bauvais must have switched the bodies.

MULDER: It's quite a trick considering he's been confined for the last month.

SCULLY: Well, then he had somebody else do it.

MULDER: But you said there was no trace evidence. And security is practically impossible to breach.

SCULLY: I was only suggesting that whoever did it was clever and thorough. I wasnt suggesting that some kind of spirit did it.

MULDER: Well, just in case, I believe in covering my bases.

(MULDER hangs the cloth charm he bought from CHESTER in the camp on the rearview mirror. SCULLY rolls her eyes.)

SCULLY: Mulder, voodoo only works by instilling fear in its believers. You saw how Bauvais tried to intimidate me. I'll admit the power of suggestion is considerable but this is no more magic than a pair of fuzzy dice.

MULDER: Scully, look out!

(SCULLY slams on brakes almost hitting a figure who is walking in the middle of the road as if sleepwalking. MULDER and SCULLY get out of the car and approach him.)

MULDER: Hey...

SCULLY: Private McAlpin?

(MCALPIN does not respond.)




SCENE 8
PCYCHIATRIC INFIRMARY
(Camp medical facilities. MCALPIN sits rocking, still in a daze.)

SCULLY: Hes nonverbal, nonresponsive to voice, touch or pain. The neurologists suspect he suffered a severe concussion resulting in amnesia.

MULDER: Its a plausible diagnosis. Only I'm more interested in how he came back to life.

SCULLY: Well, obviously, he never left. Dr. Foyle made a gross mistake when he signed the death certificate. Its not the first time something like thats happened.

MULDER: Did you get a copy of the blood test?

SCULLY: Yeah. (reads) Electrolytes, white and red counts are all normal. Except this is strange. The lab detected trace levels of tetrodotoxin in his blood. (MULDER begins pacing.) That's a poison found in the liver and reproductive organs of puffer fish-- a Japanese delicacy.

MULDER: Somehow, I get the feeling Private McAlpin didn't frequent too many sushi bars.

SCULLY: You have a theory how it got into his blood?

MULDER: What do you know about zombies?

SCULLY: Well, I hope you don't intend to tell Robin McAlpin that she married one?

MULDER: In 1982, a Harvard ethnobotanist named Wade Davis did extensive field research in Haiti on the zombification phenomenon. He analyzed several samples of zombie powder prepared by voodoo priests and he found tetrodotoxin to be common to all of them.

SCULLY: But, Mulder, its a lethal poison.

MULDER: But in small enough doses it can cause paralysis and depress cardiorespiratory activities to such a low level that the victim might appear clinically dead.

SCULLY: Well, zombie or not, Jack McAlpin is alive.

MULDER: Exactly. Which is what makes me wonder about the other Marine who allegedly killed himself.




SCENE 9
FOLKSTONE MUNICIPAL CEMETERY
(Graveyard. Day. MULDER and SCULLY walk into the cemetery.)

SCULLY: Why did they bury Private Guttierez here?

( A large black dog growls at them. GROUNDSKEEPER comes up behind the dog. )

GROUNDSKEEPER: They beat you to it. You're the FBI, aren't you? (to dog) Stay. Easy, Wong.

MULDER: (showing badge) Yeah. We've arranged to exhume the body of Manuel Guttierez.

GROUNDSKEEPER: Right. The Marine. I prepared the dig as soon as I got the judge's order, but it's too late.

SCULLY: Too late?

GROUNDSKEEPER: Yeah. The body snatchers got there first. I caught them more than few times right in the act but it's getting I can't keep up anymore. That's, uh, why I got this.

(Opens his coat to show them a pistol.)

SCULLY: Don't the police intervene?

GROUNDSKEEPER: They got their hands full trying to protect the lives of the living. I am all these people have to preserve their rest.

MULDER: These body snatchers  What do they do with the bodies?

GROUNDSKEEPER: Ah, they sell them.

MULDER: To who?

GROUNDSKEEPER: Well, it varies. When the local medical school ran short of cadavers rumor had it that the snatchers got $200 a head. But mostly, it's the voodoo types who do the buying. A lot of folks in these parts go in for that with the medicines and the potions and... Yeah, here we are.

(They look into an empty grave.)

GROUNDSKEEPER: Look at that. They dug him up right under my nose. Hows he supposed to rest in peace like this? (MULDER looks at the name on the coffin) They can do what they like with the pigs and the chickens but this is a desecration. This is uncool.

SCULLY: Mulder ..

(She points to a figure digging near a grave several yards away.)

GROUNDSKEEPER: Look at that. See what Im talking about?

(Begins to pull out his pistol, but MULDER stops him.)

MULDER: Let us take care of this.

GROUNDSKEEPER: Knock yourselves out.

(MULDER and SCULLY run toward the figure digging near a grave. It is the young boy from the prison, CHESTER. He tries to run, but MULDER grabs hold of him.)

CHESTER: (struggling in MULDERs grasp) Let me be! I didn't do nothing! What did I do?

MULDER: Maybe you can tell us.

(They look down at CHESTERs bag which has fallen open. It is full of live frogs which begin hopping away. MULDER and SCULLY look at each other.)

SCULLY: (looking at the frogs) Maybe I should kiss a few and find out if one is Guttierez.

(Later, they sit in a fast food restaurant. MULDER and SCULLY watch as CHESTER greedily devours a cup of french fries.)

CHESTER: Fresh bones. They pay good. But I go there for the frogs. You find the best frogs at the cemetery.

SCULLY: How do you get out of the camp?

CHESTER: I go, and then I come back.

SCULLY: What about your parents? Are your parents at the camp?

MULDER: What about a name?

CHESTER: (proudly) Chester Bonaparte.

MULDER: What do you do with the frogs, Chester?

CHESTER: For each one I catch, I get 50 cents.

MULDER: From who? Who pays you for them?

CHESTER: (mysteriously) Bauvais. His magic is the most strong. He even made my fries disappear.

MULDER: Hey, Chester. I got magic, too, and I bet I can make your fries reappear.

CHESTER: Merci!

(MULDER opens his wallet and hands CHESTER some money. CHESTER grins and runs off to the counter for more fries.)

SCULLY: Mulder, certain frog species secrete a substance called bufotoxin. It's chemically similar to what we found in Private McAlpins blood. I think we should ask Bauvais what he's doing with those frogs.

MULDER: (speaking very quietly to SCULLY) I didn't want to say anything before because I wasn't sure, but I think we're being followed. It's a gray four-door sedan in the parking lot. Keep an eye on Chester.

(MULDER goes outside and sneaks around to the drivers side of a gray car. He points his gun at PRIVATE DUNHAM.)

MULDER: Out of the car, Private. You've been following us.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: Look, I had to warn you.

MULDER: You didnt seem too interested in helping us before.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: I couldn't talk then-- not with Colonel Wharton so close by. And not with him right there. (indicates CHESTER as SCULLY helps him into the backseat of her car)

MULDER: Chester? He's just a little boy.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: No, sir, he is not.

SCULLY: (approaching the men) Whats going on?

MULDER: Private Dunham was just about to tell us why we're in danger.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: You're putting yourselves into the middle of something you don't understand.

MULDER: But you do?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: Bauvais warned him. He told the Colonel he'd take his men one by one unless...

MULDER: Unless what?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: Unless the Colonel let his people go back to Haiti. But the Colonel... He just had us turn up the heat on all them beatings and all.

SCULLY: Colonel Wharton sanctioned beatings of the refugees?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: He ordered it, and worse. The things he is making us do to those people.

SCULLY: Why hasn't anybody stepped forward or filed a complaint?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: None of us feel good about it, Maam, but you don't join the Marines to feel good.

MULDER: You said that Bauvais threatened the Colonels men.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: He said he'd take their souls.

MULDER: You believe he can do that?

PRIVATE DUNHAM: Jack was my friend, and look what happened to him.

SCULLY: Well, we don't know what happened to him but there is a medical explanation for his condition.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: Back home, an associate of my daddy's, Clyde Jessamin, once crossed a man on some kind of real estate deal. And not two weeks passed before Jessamin's daughter took ill with something the doctors couldn't make heads or tails of. All they could do was shoot her full of morphine the pain was so bad. She died five minutes past midnight on her wedding day, and when they did an autopsy to try and figure it out, all they could find was a bunch of snakes squirming around inside her belly.

SCULLY: Sounds like an old wives tale.

PRIVATE DUNHAM: No, Maam. Its not. You see, Im the one who was supposed to marry her.

(MULDER and SCULLY watch him drive away then head back to their own car.)

SCULLY: Think hes telling the truth?

MULDER: Till I can figure out why hed lie, yeah.

SCULLY: Hes superstitious, and superstition breeds fear. Its what Voodoo is all about. Its just as irrational as avoiding a crack in the sidewalk.

MULDER: Why would he be trying to avoid Chester?

(Their car is empty, CHESTERs fry cup on the back seat.)

MULDER: Chester? Chester?

(They see him several yards away. MULDER chases him on foot, SCULLY follows with the car.)

MULDER: Chester! Chester! Stop! Im not going to hurt you! (to SCULLY) Its okay. Ill get him. Chester! Chester!

(MULDER reaches the end of the pier. It is deserted. He looks in the water. A black kitten is on top of a barrel near the end of the pier. It meows. MULDER stares at it in confusion, then looks around.)




SCENE 10
(Next morning. COLONEL WHARTONs office. He is eating.)

PRIVATE KITTEL: Can I get you anything else, sir?

(Knocking at the door. COLONEL WHARTON is irritated.)

COLONEL WHARTON: Just get the door.

(MULDER and SCULLY enter.)

COLONEL WHARTON: (dismissively) Im sorry. Im having my breakfast.

MULDER: (polite sarcasm) Thats all right. We already ate.

(PRIVATE KITTEL leaves.)

COLONEL WHARTON: I understand you obtained a court order yesterday to exhume Private Guttierez.

MULDER: Thats right.

COLONEL WHARTON: You should know I filed a complaint with the Justice Department.

MULDER: His body was missing-- stolen from his coffin apparently.

COLONEL WHARTON: Now you see what we're facing here. What kind of barbaric religion would desecrate a grave?

SCULLY: We suspect it was an act of retaliation.

COLONEL WHARTON: Retaliation?

SCULLY: For your mistreatment of the detainees.

COLONEL WHARTON: What the hell are you talking about?

SCULLY: Physical abuse of political refugees is a prosecutable crime under international law.

COLONEL WHARTON: (chuckles) It's Bauvais, isn't it? He's the one you're getting this garbage from. Look, nobody ever said this was a hotel but it's hardly a concentration camp.

SCULLY: Then there is no official policy of harassment?

COLONEL WHARTON: If anything, its my men who are being harassed. The UN, the relief organizations, theyre all so busy protecting the rights of these refugees nobodys looking out for my men.

MULDER: Well, well let you finish. Wouldnt want your breakfast to get cold.

(MULDER and SCULLY exit. COLONEL WHARTON returns to his breakfast. As he cuts the slice of ham, he stops in horror as he sees fresh blood pouring out of the ham.)

(MULDER and SCULLY outside are getting into their car, SCULLY driving.)

MULDER: Whartons left these people no choice but to fight back with the only weapon they have.

SCULLY: Sorry, Mulder, theres a big difference between nasty looks and raising the dead.

MULDER: Not according to Private Dunham.

(SCULLY cries out as she takes hold of the steering wheel.)

SCULLY: Ah!!!

MULDER: What?

(SCULLY pulls a vine covered with thorns from the steering column.)

SCULLY: More scare tactics. (tosses vine out the window)

MULDER: (reaching for SCULLYs bleeding hand) Let me see that.

SCULLY: No. Its nothing.

(As they drive away, camera shows the symbol painted on the pavement under the car.)




SCENE 11
(BAUVAISs cell. PRIVATE KITTEL has been beating BAUVAIS. COLONEL WHARTON stands outside the cell.)

PRIVATE KITTEL: I don't think he's in any condition to talk.

COLONEL WHARTON: That's right, Private. You don't think. You follow orders.

PRIVATE KITTEL: But sir...

COLONEL WHARTON: You're dismissed.

(PRIVATE KITTEL leaves reluctantly. COLONEL WHARTON approaches BAUVAIS.)

COLONEL WHARTON: (threatening, grabs BAUVAISs collar) Ouvri barriere pou' moi. I want the secret. Maybe you should tell me now while you can still talk.

BAUVAIS: Ma vie nan mains bon dieu..

COLONEL WHARTON: No, papaloi. Your life is in my hands.




SCENE 12
(MULDER enters his hotel room. Something falls from the top of the door. A playing card, the 10 of diamonds.)




SCENE 13
COUNTY ROAD 10
(Later, night, next to diamond shaped road sign, route 10. MULDER sits in the car. Another car arrives. X opens the passenger door and gets in the car.)

MULDER: I was surprised to get your card. I had assumed our last contact... would be our last. Why are you here?

X: Your investigation is faltering, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: I've got a renegade Marine who may be violating every human rights provision...

X: These people have no rights. In 24 hours all access to Folkstone will be restricted to military personnel. No press, no third-party monitoring.

MULDER: What about Scully and me?

X: You'll be called back to Washington on a priority matter.

MULDER: (sighs) They're making the camp invisible. Why?

X: In case you haven't noticed, Agent Mulder, the Statue of Liberty is on vacation. The new mandate says if you're not a citizen you'd better keep out.

MULDER: Why hold them up? Why not just repatriate them?

X: During our most recent involvement in Haiti three US soldiers took their own lives. Of those men, two were under Colonel Wharton's command.

MULDER: Youre saying the military's sanctioning Wharton's revenge? These people are innocent civilians. Some people in Congress might have a real problem with that.

X: By the time they get a committee together it'll be as if none of this ever happened.

(X gets out of the car.)




SCENE 14
(SCULLYs hotel room. She is on the phone, frustrated.)

SCULLY: (on phone) You don't understand. I've been on hold for half an hour. I'm trying to locate a Private Dunham.

(SCULLY scratches at her hand which is puffy and still bleeding. She looks up at her reflection in the mirror with concern.)

SCULLY: (on phone) Yeah. Yeah. Thanks.

(SCULLY hangs up then knocks at MULDERs door, #7.)

SCULLY: (through door) Mulder, I just got through to Dunhams barracks. Mulder? Your door's unlocked.

(SCULLY enters MULDERs room and crosses to the bathroom where there is the sound of water.)

SCULLY: Mulder, listen to this. Dunham's been AWOL since last night...

(SCULLY sees bloody water seeping out from under the bathroom door.)

SCULLY: Mulder?

(Slowly, SCULLY enters the bathroom. A dead man lies in the overflowing tub. It is PRIVATE DUNHAM.)

SCULLY: Oh, God.

(SCULLY turns off the water, then turns to see PRIVATE MCALPIN stumble into the bathroom.)

MULDER: Scully? (enters bathroom holding gun on PRIVATE MCALPIN)

SCULLY: (relieved) Yeah.

MULDER: I found him wandering around outside. You all right?

SCULLY: Yeah. It's Dunham.

MULDER: When I found him. He had this in his hand.

(Shows her a bloody knife.)




SCENE 15
(MULDER and SCULLY interrogate MCALPIN back at the base. COLONEL WHARTON is also present.)

MULDER: Do you recall leaving the hospital?

PRIVATE MCALPIN: These past few days I don't recall much of anything... Except feeling real heavy like Im asleep and I can't wake up.

MULDER: Do you remember killing Private Dunham?

PRIVATE MCALPIN: All I remember is being there seeing him in all that blood.

SCULLY: Why did you sign the confession?

COLONEL WHARTON: The Private asked and I apprised him of what you found at the crime scene.

PRIVATE MCALPIN: Who else might it have been?

MULDER: Colonel... Can we have a word outside?

(COLONEL WHARTON steps out of the cell with MULDER and SCULLY.)

MULDER: What exactly did you tell him?

COLONEL WHARTON: If you're suggesting that I coerced Private McAlpin...

MULDER: I need to know that he signed that confession voluntarily?

COLONEL WHARTON: Of course he did.

MULDER: Since his  reappearance has Private McAlpin had any contact with Bauvais?

COLONEL WHARTON: Not to my knowledge.

MULDER: Well, we'd still like to speak with Bauvais.

COLONEL WHARTON: I'm afraid that's impossible.

MULDER: Why?

COLONEL WHARTON: (smug) Because he's dead. Last night he cut his wrists with a bedspring. I'll have the report sent to your motel along with the Private's confession. Since both matters are being handled internally Ill assume your business here is finished.

(COLONEL WHARTON leaves. SCULLY rubs her head with a small moan. )

MULDER: What's wrong?

SCULLY: (holding her head) I'm fine. It's just a headache.

(MULDERs phone rings. While he talks, SCULLY turns away and rubs her hand. She is NOT fine. )

MULDER: (on phone) Mulder. .. Okay, Mrs. McAlpin. We can be there in fifteen minutes.




SCENE 16
(MCALPIN house. MRS MCALPIN is very upset.)

MRS. MCALPIN: First I thought I lost him... As if that wasn't hard enough to deal with. Now they're saying he's killed Harry.

SCULLY: He said it himself. He signed a confession.

MRS. MCALPIN: I don't care. It doesn't make sense. Jack and Harry were friends.

MULDER: Mrs. McAlpin, you said on the telephone that Private Dunham came here last night. What did he want?

MRS. MCALPIN: He was on his way to see you.

MULDER: For what reason?

MRS. MCALPIN: He wouldn't tell me. He said if anything happened to him... (crosses to a drawer) I should give this to you. He told me not to open it.

(She hands them a sealed envelope. Off camera, we hear the baby crying )

MRS. MCALPIN: Luke's been in a mood since all this started. It's almost like he knows what's going on. I'll be right back.

(MRS. MCALPIN leaves the room to attend to the crying baby. MUDLER and SCULLY look at a black and white photo of soldiers in a tropical area.)

SCULLY: (looking at picture) Thats Bauvais. And Wharton? They must have known each other when Wharton served in Haiti.

MULDER: When in Rome 




SCENE 17
(Night. COLONEL WHARTONs office. MULDER and SCULLY enter the deserted office and begin looking around with a headlight on a stick. SCULLY finds a paper in the trashcan.)

SCULLY: Mulder  Dunham and Guttierez both filed complaints against Colonel Wharton. They both cited incidents of abuse --- dates, times 

(MULDER finds a set of dogtags in a trunk.)

MULDER: Scully . Look at this. Check out the name on the dogtags.

(Door opens. PRIVATE KITTEL interrupts their snooping and holds them at gunpoint.)

PRIVATE KITTEL: Come with me, please. Take the light out of my eyes.

MULDER: Wheres Wharton?

PRIVATE KITTEL: Youll find out soon enough.

MULDER: He killed Bauvais. If you know anything about it youll be tried as an accessory to murder

PRIVATE KITTEL: Shut up! Bauvais got what he deserved. After what he did to McAlpin and Guttierez?

SCULLY: It wasnt Bauvais.

PRIVATE KITTEL: (unsure) What are you talking about?

SCULLY: Those men were about to testify against Colonel Wharton. He stopped them before they did.

MULDER: If you dont believe us, look in the trunk.

(PRIVATE KITTEL does. Sees human bones.)

MULDER: (handing over dogtags) This is whats left of Private Guttierez. Now wheres Bauvais body?

PRIVATE KITTEL: We buried him  this afternoon .. in the municipal graveyard.




SCENE 18
(Later, in graveyard. Night. Lots of candles surround gravesite. COLONEL WHARTON drags a coffin out of the ground.)

COLONEL WHARTON: (places knife on coffin, then sprinkles a powder around the coffin) Au nom de saints et de la lune. Au nom de saints et de la lune. Au nom de saints et des etoilles.

(MULDER and SCULLY arrive at the graveyard. SCULLY has her hands over her face as if in pain.)

MULDER: What is it, Scully?

SCULLY: Im all right.

MULDER: You dont look all right.

SCULLY: No, Im fine. Ill catch up with you. Just go get Wharton.

(MULDER nods, gets out of the car and heads across the graveyard. SCULLY watches him go then looks around herself nervously. She scratches her hand which is very swollen. She looks in the rearview mirror then begins gasping for air in terror. She looks back at her hand. A clear pus like fluid seeps out of the wound then a pair of mens fingers push up through the wound. SCULLY screams weakly, and the man who approached her when she first arrived at the camp suddenly appears in the car with her and begins throttling her.)

(CUT TO: MULDER walking through graveyard toward COLONEL WHARTON who is making the symbol on the ground.)

MULDER: Federal Agent! Drop the knife, Wharton.

COLONEL WHARTON: (speaking Creole)

MULDER: Drop the knife!

(COLONEL WHARTON, still speaking Creole, begins to lower knife to the ground, but then suddenly stabs it into the earth. MULDER screams in pain and falls to the ground clutching his gut.)

MULDER: Ah!!!

(COLONEL WHARTON is startled to see BAUVAIS standing behind him.)

BAUVAIS: Ca qui fait mal, ce mal li we. He who does evil, evil he will see.

(BAUVAIS blows powder into WHARTONs face. WHARTON screams and falls back.)

(CUT TO: Interior of car. SCULLY still being choked by the Haitian man who is speaking Creole to her. SCULLY desperately reaches for the charm hanging on the mirror. As soon as her fingers close around it, the man disappears. SCULLY looks down at the charm in her hand which is not hurt. She is startled by a cats meow. She looks up to see the black kitten on the hood of the car. Shaking, SCULLY gets out of the car. SCULLY runs to MULDER and helps him sit up.)

SCULLY: (breathing heavily) Mulder 

MULDER: Youre okay?

SCULLY: I feel better than you look.

(They sit for a moment catching their breath and looking at each other.)

SCULLY: What happened?

MULDER: I dont know.

(SCULLY looks at COLONEL WHARTON.)

SCULLY: Hes dead. Did you kill him?

MULDER: No. It was Bauvais.

(SCULLY opens the coffin and sees BAUVAIS, also dead, lying in it.)




SCENE 19
(Next day at the camp. Detainees are being loaded into trucks. MULDER and SCULLY arrive.)

SOLDIER: Heres the passenger manifest you asked for.

SCULLY: Thank you.

SOLDIER: Theyre petitioning to have Bauvais returned to Haiti.

MULDER: Too bad it has to be in a box.

SCULLY: Is this a complete list?

SOLDIER: As far as I know.

SCULLY: There was a boy. His name was Bonaparte. Chester Bonaparte?

SOLDIER: Poor kid. He died six weeks ago in that riot.

(Surprised, MULDER and SCULLY watch the soldier leave. They dont look at each other.)




SCENE 20
(Graveyard, day. Dog stands over an open grave barking. GROUNDSKEEPER drives up in bulldozer to fill in the grave. Camera pans down to inside the casket in the ground as it is covered. COLONEL WHARTON is conscious and panicked as he realizes what is happening to him. He screams and beats on the casket, but there is no chance of him being overheard over the sound of the barking dog and the motor of the bulldozer. Fade to credits.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
(A mist surrounds the sky. Mulder talks over the scene.)

MULDER: I have lived with a fragile faith built on the ether of vague memories from an experience that I can neither prove nor explain.When I was twelve, my sister was taken from me, taken from our home by a force that I came to believe was extraterrestrial.

(A light shines down from the mist.)

This belief sustained me, fueling a quest for truths that were as elusive as the memory itself. To believe as passionately as I did was not without sacrifice, but I always accepted the risks... to my career, my reputation, my relationships... to life itself...

(A whirring sound grows louder as the light grows brighter. The light is coming from a helicopter. A man waves the helicopter down towards the landing pad as an army ambulance pulls up, sirens blaring. The back doors open up and man file out.)

MAN: Let's move out!

(The men scream to each other and a few take Mulder out of the helicopter. He is in some kind of bodybag on a metal stretcher. They run in with a nurse who is carrying an IV.)

NURSE: We need a frostbite bay, stat!

(They run into the ER.)

DOCTOR: All right, let's get ready, please!

(The medical officials put an oxygen mask on him and cut off his clothes. Beeping and talking can be heard.)

Basal temp's eighty-six degrees.

NURSE: Right eye dilated.

(She pulls up the other eyelid and shines a flashlight into his other eye.)

Left eye dilated.

DOCTOR: All right, people, let's get him into that tub or we're going to lose him.

(The nurse looks back at his pulse.)

On three... one, two, three...

(The doctor and some other people lift Mulder up. Scully runs in through the outside doors and is stopped by a security guard.)

SECURITY GUARD #1: Hold it...

SCULLY: An Agent Mulder was brought here tonight?

SECURITY GUARD #1: This is an authorized area, military personnel only.

SCULLY: I'm a federal agent!

(She tries to push past them but they stop her.)

SECURITY GUARD #2: Ma'am!

SECURITY GUARD #1: Hold on, you're not going anywhere until we can see some I.D.

SCULLY: There's no time for this.

(She shows her badge to both of them.)

A man is dying.

(Mulder is put him into a frostbite tank. The warm water covers most of his body. He talks over the scene.)

MULDER: What happened to me out on the ice has justified every belief. If I should die now, it would be with the certainty that my faith has been righteous. And if, through death, larger mysteries are revealed, I will have already learned the answer to the question that has driven me here... that there is intelligent life in the universe other than our own... that they are here among us... and that they have begun to colonize.

(Scully bursts into the emergency room. The people are talking in the background. Scully looks at Mulder and holds up her badge.)

SCULLY: I'm Dana Scully, I'm Agent Mulder's partner. What are his vitals?

(The doctor walks over to her.)

DOCTOR: He's suffering from extreme hypothermia.

SCULLY: No... you've got to get him out of the tub.

DOCTOR: He's dying, he's lost all his body heat.

SCULLY: You've got to listen to me! If you keep him in there, you're going to kill him! The cold is the only thing that's keeping him alive.

(Mulder flatlines.)

NURSE: His heart stopped!

DOCTOR: Give me one amp of epinephrine in a cannula!




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
RESEARCH VESSEL ALTA; BEAUFORT SEA, ARCTIC CIRCLE; TWO WEEKS EARLIER
(The vessel moves along past icebergs jutting out of the water. A man climbs down from the upper look-out deck and opens up the door. The captain walks out.)

OFFICER: You got to see this captain, we got a UFO or something buzzing us.

(The captain puts on his hat and goes to the ladder.)

Right up here.

(The captain climbs up the ladder to the deck. The man follows. Two men are standing with binoculars. A circular light is hovering in the distance.)

It's been just hovering up there for about twenty minutes.

CAPTAIN: Could be a helicopter.

OFFICER: Not the way it flew over us.

(The man to their left stops looking through the binoculars.)

MAN: It's coming at us again.

(The light grows larger and races by the side of the ship.)

OFFICER: It's going to crash...

(They watch as the light crashes into a distant iceberg, exploding in a fireball.)

CAPTAIN: Reverse engines!

DECKHAND: Reverse!

CAPTAIN: We're going after it.




SCENE 3
WOMAN'S CARE FAMILY SERVICES AND CLINIC; SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA
(A doctor, Landon Prince walks down the hallway towards the lounge.)

WOMAN: Thank you very much.

NURSE: You're welcome.

(He walks into the lounge and pours himself a cup of coffee. Doctors and nurses are sitting around. The TV can be heard.)

ANCHORMAN: ...has been covering this story and files this report.

REPORTER: Two days ago, the crew of an ice cutter working the arctic circle thought they had seen a UFO when a strange aircraft plunged into the Beaufort Sea. But a short time later, they recovered what is now believed to be a Russian fighter pilot from the icy water where he miraculously survived the extreme arctic temperatures.

(Prince is paying attention now. On the TV, the crewmembers of the ship hoist the man up onto the boat with a pulley.)

The man was airlifted to a military hospital in Alaska where he was listed in stable condition. But while authorities have been trying to determine just who the pilot is, we've learned that he's apparently walked out of the hospital...

(The camera shows a clear shot of the pilot's face. Prince's expression becomes ghostly.)

...and is now listed as missing. Reporting from our field...

(Prince runs out of the lounge and down the hallway. He goes through the swinging doors and is grabbed by the pilot on TV, the Alien Bounty Hunter. The assassin slams the doctor up against the wall by the neck.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: Where is he?

LANDON PRINCE: I don't know!

(The Bounty Hunter pushes him down onto the ground and kneels over him. He pulls his head back and takes out a small metallic tube, called a gimlet. A long, sharp point shoots out of the front of the tube and the Bounty Hunter poises to strike down with it. The doctor struggles against his attacker, but to no avail. The assassin shoves the point into the back of the doctor's neck, which leaks a green fluid and bubbles. The Bounty Hunter then gets up and rips off the cover to the electric box, which sparks and catches fire. The room burning behind him, he walks out nonchalantly as the alarm rings and the hallway fills with smoke.)




SCENE 4
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is leaning over his desk when Scully comes in and takes off her coat.)

MULDER: I have been looking for you.

SCULLY: I was just down the street. Someone fired more shots at the White House last night.

MULDER: You got to wonder about a country where even the President has to worry about drive-by shootings.

(He walks over to his computer and sits down. She stands next to him.)

SCULLY: What are you working on?

MULDER: I found these in my e-mail this morning... three obituaries.

SCULLY: Sent by whom?

MULDER: Nobody I know but obviously somebody who knows me.

(He clicks on a few keys and the text box expands on the monitor.)

SCULLY: Why?

MULDER: The deceased are Doctor Landon Prince of Scranton, Pennsylvania...

(He expands another box.)

Doctor Dale Gayhart of New York City...

(He brings up the third obituary.)

...and Doctor Harvey Buchanon of Tea Neck, New Jersey. All worked in abortion clinics. They died in separate arson fires.

SCULLY: Sounds like the work of militant right-to-lifers.

MULDER: Sounds like it.

SCULLY: Why would somebody send them to you?

MULDER: It's taken me all morning to figure that out.

SCULLY: What did you find?

(Mulder walks over to his desk and hands Scully a picture of Prince.)

MULDER: This is the latest victim, Doctor Landon Prince. And these are the other two victims... Doctors Gayhart...

(He hands her another picture. The man is identical to Prince in every respect.)

...and Buchanon.

(She is given a third picture of another identical man.)

SCULLY: Triplets?

MULDER: Nope. I can't find any blood connection between them. In fact, I can't find any records on them at all. It's as if before they died, they never existed.

SCULLY: What?




SCENE 5
SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA
(Mulder and Scully are standing with the federal marshall, who is looking over a folder.)

FEDERAL MARSHALL: Doctor Prince performs legal, clinical abortions which seems to be having its own share of occupational hazards these days.

MULDER: You don't know anything else about him?

FEDERAL MARSHALL: Nah, he went about his work quietly. None of his family's come forward.

SCULLY: What about the man you arrested, this, uh, preacher?

FEDERAL MARSHALL: Reverend Calvin Sistrunk. He's got a motive, he's threatened these abortion docs before. He was carrying this when we arrested him.

(He hands Mulder a clip from a newspaper with an advertisement that has a picture of Prince and reads "Do you know this man? Call (212) 555-2884.")

We're hoping for an indictment.

MULDER: As soon as you locate Doctor Prince's remains.

FEDERAL MARSHALL: Yes... but that fact hasn't been released.

MULDER: Well, there have been two identical fire deaths. Neither body has been found.

FEDERAL MARSHALL: We're quite certain he was in the building. His car was in the parking lot. We found his keys in the stairwell where the fire was started. He's been missing since the incident. Could be we'll just be finding teeth and bone.

(The door opens behind Scully and an officer leads in Reverend Sistrunk.)

CALVIN SISTRUNK: Good afternoon.

(He sits down.)

FEDERAL MARSHALL: Reverend Sistrunk... these are Agents Scully and Mulder. They want to ask you...

CALVIN SISTRUNK: ...if Doctor Prince burns in hell's fire for his murder of the unborn? If his damnation is God's will?

MULDER: Is that what you think, Reverend?

CALVIN SISTRUNK: I guess it's a question of opinion.

MULDER: Well, it's my opinion that whoever killed Doctor Prince will also be linked to two other murders. How do you feel about that?

CALVIN SISTRUNK: There are those who endorse the killing of the heathen sinner in God's name, but I, sir, am not one of them.

MULDER: Have you been to New York or New Jersey in the past two weeks?

CALVIN SISTRUNK: No, sir.

(Mulder shows him the advertisement.)

MULDER: This clipping, where'd you get it?

CALVIN SISTRUNK: From the newspaper. Obviously, there are more of God's soldiers seeking this man for judgement.

MULDER: Which newspaper?

CALVIN SISTRUNK: The local paper, up in Binghamton.




SCENE 6
GLOBE AND MAIL; BINGHAMTON, N.Y.
(The woman at the desk is looking at the advertisement.)

WOMAN: Oh, yeah. I remember this one. The man who placed this payed cash.

SCULLY: Would you recognize his face?

WOMAN: I might.

(Scully shows her a mugshot of Sistrunk.)

No. That's not him.

MULDER: Do you have a record of his name or address?

WOMAN: No, we don't. He wouldn't sign anything. In fact, he called and asked to place that ad a second week, so we did but he never came back to pay.

MULDER: Thank you.

WOMAN: Sure.

(The agents walk away.)

SCULLY: I've got a bad feeling about this case, Mulder.

MULDER: What do you mean?

SCULLY: Well, nothing about it makes sense. We've got three deaths of identical victims, no bodies, a virtual non-suspect...

MULDER: Sounds just like an X-File.

SCULLY: You don't even know who sent you that information. I mean, we've been set up before.

(Mulder looks at a map. He goes over to it, Scully following.)

MULDER: If somebody really wanted to set us up, would they give us this little to go on? There's something bigger here, Scully. I'd be willing to bet there are more of these guys out there.

SCULLY: More victims?

MULDER: Unless we get to them first. The deaths follow a pattern... New Jersey, New York, Scranton...

(He puts his finger on the map and moves it to the next city as he says the name.)

...and then an ad is placed here in Binghamton looking for a man exactly like the others. The killer's moving in a northernly direction.

(He looks over at the woman.)

Uh, eh, uh... excuse me? Excuse me.

(She looks at him and they walk over to her.)

The, uh, number in the ad, is th... would that be a voice mail?

WOMAN: Yes, it is.

MULDER: How, how would you access that?

WOMAN: Well, you'd start by paying the bill.

(Mulder looks at Scully and takes out his wallet. He gives Scully the ad, who walks over to the phone. Mulder gives the woman his credit card.)

Dial the number, then press twelve-thirty six.

(Scully does so. The woman walks to the back. Mulder paces a little.)

SCULLY: There's twenty four messages responding to the ad. The first caller has seen the man in the photo in Syracuse.

(Scully takes a pen and pad out.)

MULDER: That's north.




SCENE 7
FBI FIELD OFFICE; SYRACUSE, N.Y.
(Agent Barrett Weiss picks up the phone.)

BARRETT WEISS: Special Agent Weiss.

MULDER: Yeah, this is Agent Mulder. I need to enlist your help.

BARRETT WEISS: Shoot.

(He takes out a pen and starts to write down what Mulder says. Cut to Mulder and Scully, who are walking out of the post office.)

MULDER: I'm heading your way with Agent Scully. We have reason to believe a man in your area may be in danger. His name is Doctor Aaron Baker, he's living somewhere in Syracuse. We need you to find him and sit on him...

(They get to their car. Cut back to Syracuse.)

...until we get there.

BARRETT WEISS: You got it. I'll call you back with an address as soon as I track him down.




SCENE 8
737 26TH STREET; SYRACUSE, N.Y.
(Weiss pulls up to the house, looks at his paper, then goes to the front door. He is about to knock when he hears talking.)

AARON BAKER: There were years, years when our people did get along, where we could share in the entire planet.

(Weiss looks through the window.)

But you seem to be...you seem to be unwilling to share.

(A man puts his hand on Baker's shoulder.)

I don't understand, I don't understand! You did not fail...

(Weiss starts back down the stairs. The Bounty Hunter throws Baker against the wall, holding him by the throat.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: Your plans will not succeed.

(Weiss walks around to the back door. The Bounty Hunter slams Baker's face into the wall and flicks open his gimlet. As Weiss continues to sneak around the house, Baker falls to the floor, dead. Weiss slams open the door and points his gun at the Bounty Hunter, much to the assassin's surprise.)

BARRETT WEISS: Federal agent, drop your weapon! I said drop it!

(He hears a bubbling and looks down to see Baker's body turn into a green liquid, bubbling and oozing. The "body" starts to deteriorate. Weiss is reasonably confused.)

What the hell...

(The assassin raises his hand to throw the gimlet but Weiss shoots him three times in the chest. The assassin does not move, merely leaks the same green liquid that Baker and Prince had. Weiss stares at him in awe until he starts gagging and choking. He screams, holding his head. Mulder and Scully pull up to the house. They walk up the porch and knock on the door. Agent Weiss comes up behind them.)

Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yes, Agent Weiss?

(Weiss takes out his badge.)

BARRETT WEISS: Yes, sir.

MULDER: Did you find Doctor Baker?

BARRETT WEISS: No, I'm afraid not. No one's home. There's two weeks worth of mail in the mailbox.

MULDER: Uh, we may already be too late but we should take a look around anyway.

BARRETT WEISS: Not much to see.

(Mulder and Scully walk around the house. Weiss puts his badge away and walks back to his car. Opening the trunk, he looks at the real Barrett Weiss, dead, naked except for his underwear, bound and gagged. His eyes, nose and mouth are inflammed. "Weiss" looks around, then his facial features and body mass change to that of the Alien Bounty Hunter's. The Bounty Hunter throws the keys down on the dead agent, then closes the trunk and walks away.)




SCENE 9
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner, sitting at his desk, pushes a button on the phone and the secretary is heard on the other end.)

SECRETARY: Agent Mulder has arrived.

SKINNER: Send him right in.

(Mulder walks in.)

Agent Mulder, please have a seat.

MULDER: Sorry I'm late, I just flew in.

SKINNER: From?

MULDER: Syracuse.

(He sits down.)

SKINNER: Where you were doing what?

MULDER: Agent Scully and I were following up a lead on a case.

SKINNER: Did anyone authorize this investigation, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: No, sir.

SKINNER: Do you have paperwork on this case?

MULDER: No, sir. I'd assumed we had an understanding with respect to the X-Files.

SKINNER: I'm sure it doesn't surprise you, Agent Mulder, that the people I have to answer to aren't quite so understanding. Particularly when one of their field agents is found dead.

MULDER: What?

(Skinner stands.)

SKINNER: Special Agent Barrett Weiss.

(He tosses a photograph at Mulder of Weiss' body.)

Out of the Syracuse office. His body was found stuffed in the trunk of a car in front of a house that you sent him to.

(Mulder looks at the photograph in disbelief.)

MULDER: It's impossible... I spoke to Agent Weiss, I saw him at the house.

(Skinner pounds his fists on the desk and gets in Mulder's face.)

SKINNER: Save it, Agent Mulder, save it for your report because until this matter is cleared up, your butt and mine are in a sling and your investigation, official or otherwise, is terminated.

MULDER: Sir...

SKINNER: Don't underestimate the seriousness of this matter, Agent Mulder. A man is dead.

(Mulder stares down towards the floor as Skinner sits down.)

I want a full accounting on my desk in the morning.

(Mulder nods and walks out.)




SCENE 10
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder walks into the office to the phone's ringing. He throws his jacket across the room and picks up the phone, sitting down.)

MULDER: Mulder.

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me.

MULDER: Where are you?

(Cut to Scully, who is sitting at her desk in front of her computer, her glasses on.)

SCULLY: I'm at home.

MULDER: Agent Weiss is dead, Scully.

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: Somebody killed him and Skinner hit the roof. We're being grounded until he gets a full accounting.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

I just wish I knew what the hell was going on.

(Cut to Scully, who looks at the computer screen.)

SCULLY: Have you checked your e-mail this morning, Mulder?

MULDER: No, why?

SCULLY: Because I received something unsettling and I wondered if you'd gotten it too.

(Cut to Mulder, who starts typing on his computer.)

MULDER: What is it?

SCULLY: It's a digitally scanned photograph. There's another one, Mulder.

(A picture slowly comes up of another identical doctor.)

His name is Doctor James Dickens.

(Cut to Scully.)

And Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah?

SCULLY: He's right here in Washington.

(The e-mail message on her computer next to the picture reads:

"Mail 485723
DATE: -- Image enclosed
TO: D_Scully@FBI.gov
FROM: 82974@anon.server.ca

Dr. James Dickens, Washington D.C."

Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Stay where you are, Scully, I'll be right there to pick you up.

(He hangs up.)




SCENE 11
SCULLY'S HOUSE; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder pulls up and sees someone standing on the porch. They pass each other on the walkway and the man looks back.)

AMBROSE CHAPEL: Agent Mulder?

(Mulder looks back.)

My name is Ambrose Chapel.

(He walks up to Mulder, showing his badge.)

I work with the Central Intelligence Agency. I need to talk to you about the case you're working on.

(Mulder looks at his badge.)

MULDER: What case is that?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: The murder of certain identical victims. I have a story to tell, Agent Mulder. Believe me, you want to hear it.

(Inside, Scully and Chapel are sitting across from each other. Mulder is standing away from them.)

We've known of their existence for a decade. We had no idea they were in the country until last year.

SCULLY: Who are they?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: We're working on vague intelligence reports but it appears early in the Cold War, Soviet scientists stumbled onto genetic anomaly in sets of identical twins. They were able to isolate the specific DNA material that gave the twins their facial features, hair color, texture... and they were able to reproduce it.

(Mulder is behind Scully now, having walked around during Chapel's rant.)

SCULLY: Are you saying these men are clones?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: By all outward appearances.

(Scully and Mulder look at each other.)

MULDER: How did they get here?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: The program went by the codename "Gregor"... the name given to every clone. We believe the original Gregor came here sometime in the mid-70's on a German passport. Using that same document, they were able to bring a small cadre of clones into the country. Several of which have obtained strategic positions in the medical establishment.

MULDER: For what purpose?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: In the event of war, they would mobilize simultaneously at different facilities across the U.S. to contaminate blood supplies, sabotage pharmaceutical factories... essentially destroy the country's immune system.

(He takes a sip of water.)

SCULLY: If you've known about this for a year, why hasn't anything been done?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: Well, this is where the story gets perhaps even more incredible. In a secret agreement, someone is allowing the Gregors to be systematically eliminated by a man who I believe is a Russian spy killer in exchange for the absolute suppression of the program's existence and to obtain the science that created it.

MULDER: What's your business in this?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: I believe we share similar sentiments on our government's policies of denial which is why they've been trying to contact you.

SCULLY: Who?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: The Gregors. You've obviously got a reputation as someone who might protect them and bring these misdeeds to light.

(Mulder looks at Scully.)

MULDER: What makes you think we've been contacted?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: Your inquiries into their deaths...

(Chapel pulls out a piece of paper and Mulder picks it up.)

And your response to the ad I placed.

(On the paper is a copy of the same advertisement as in the newspaper. Mulder sits down.)

We're talking state-sanctioned murder. If we can find them first, maybe the truth can be known.

(Mulder and Scully look at each other.)

MULDER: We know where one of these man may be.

(Chapel smiles and nods slightly.)




SCENE 12
GERMANTOWN, MARYLAND
(A van is running outside. Dickens takes his briefcase off of a machine and looks at four large green vats. He pushes a few buttons and walks out. The name on the door is "3243 Edmonton." He gets in the van and looks at a young woman in the driver's seat.)

JAMES DICKENS: Okay, let's go.

(They drive off.)




SCENE 13
DICKENS' APARTMENT
(The van pulls up the apartment complex. They walk in and Dickens puts down his briefcase. Outside, Mulder, Scully and Chapel get out of a car. Dickens is hanging up his labcoat as someone knocks on the door.)

JAMES DICKENS: Who is it?

SCULLY: Agents Scully and Mulder, we're with the F.B.I.

(The woman grabs her coat and walks out of the room. Dickens opens the door and sees the two agents.)

MULDER: Doctor Dickens?

JAMES DICKENS: Yes?

MULDER: I believe you've been trying to contact us.

JAMES DICKENS: Uh...

(Chapel steps into view and glares at the doctor.)

SCULLY: May we come in, Doctor Dickens?

JAMES DICKENS: Um...

(He starts to back away from the door, staring at Chapel in fright.)

MULDER: It's okay, sir, there's nothing to be afraid of!

(Dickens turns and runs across the room. Mulder chases him. He jumps out the window and lands on the ground from about four stories up. The three look out the window at Dickens' body.)

SCULLY: I'll call the paramedics...

(She runs off. Dickens stirs.)

MULDER: He's moving... he's getting up!

(Dickens stands up, adjusts his glasses, and starts running. Mulder and Chapel walk away from the window.)

SCULLY: I'll call you back.

(She hangs up and goes to the window to see Dickens running down the street, followed by Chapel and Mulder. Mulder runs directly after him, but Chapel stops and turns right. Scully runs out the door as the woman watches her from behind the curtains. Dickens runs out into the street and Mulder follows. An oncoming car honks and crashes into Mulder, sending him flying up into the windshield, which cracks. Mulder rolls down off the hood and lands in the street, groaning and grabbing his side. Scully runs up to him and kneels down. He sits up.)

You okay?

(Mulder whispers as he talks.)

MULDER: Okay. I just got the wind knocked out of me. Don't lose him! Go!

SCULLY: Okay...

(She runs off as the driver gets out of the car and goes to Mulder.)

MAN: Are you all right?

(Dickens runs down an alley and looks at the fence in front of him. He looks back to see Chapel standing at the entranceway. Chapel slowly stalks towards him. Dickens looks around and sees a fire escape. He climbs up onto the dumpster and pulls down the ladder, a look of terror on his face. Chapel reaches up and grabs Dickens foot. Dickens gasps and is pulled down, but Chapel's face is no longer there, replaced by the Alien Bounty Hunter's. Scully runs down the alley and looks around, seeing no one. She takes out her gun and walks slowly down the alley. A man groans and she looks towards the dumpster, where Chapel stands up from behind it. She sighs in relief and lowers her gun.)

AMBROSE CHAPEL: He's gone.

SCULLY: Where?

AMBROSE CHAPEL: He blindsided me. Went up the fire escape before I could grab him. I'm going to go see if I can find a way up on the roof.

(He walks away. Scully watches him, warily, then looks around, walking to behind the dumpster. She steps in something and looks down to see a puddle of green liquid. She tries to wipe it off her foot and walks away. The puddle, clearly in the shape of a fallen body, starts to bubble and fizz as it turns into gas.)




SCENE 14
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is walking to his desk as Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: How are you feeling?

MULDER: Like I should've used the crosswalk. A lot better than my phone.

(He sits down and waves his decimated cellular phone. She takes off her coat and puts down her briefcase.)

SCULLY: Maybe we should've dropped this case when you were told.

MULDER: Scully, if what our friend from the C.I.A. says is true, this could blow the lid off one of the biggest national security conspiracies ever.

SCULLY: Our friend from the C.I.A. is about as unbelievable as his story... as is everything about this case. I mean, whatever happened to "trust no one," Mulder?

MULDER: Oh, I changed it to "trust everyone." I didn't tell you?

(He stands and pulls out a folder from a stack.)

I ran a full background check on this guy. Ambrose Chapel is a seventeen-year veteran, special intelligence clearance. He's the real thing, Scully.

(He hands her the folder. She opens it and looks at it. There is a picture clipped onto the file.)

SCULLY: Why would a man with his experience need our help... and how could he let a man that he's been looking so hard for slip away so easily? You know, that doctor wasn't running away from us, Mulder, he was running away from Agent Chapel.

MULDER: I think you're being overly paranoid about him, Scully.

SCULLY: Paranoid. Have you stopped to consider that maybe it was Agent Chapel who killed that field agent in Syracuse?

(Mulder walks to his desk.)

MULDER: Is that what you want me to put on my report to Skinner? Because I would be more than happy to have you explain that to him.

SCULLY: Damn it, Mulder, that is not my job.

(She throws down the folder.)

You'll pursue a case at the expense of everything, to the point of insanity, and expect me to follow you. There has to be somewhere to draw the line.

MULDER: Three identical men are dead. A fourth identical man is alive and on the lam. If the pursuit of this case seems like insanity to you, feel free to step away from it.

SCULLY: An F.B.I. agent died because of our pursuit of this case.

MULDER: Those are the risks we take. You either accept them or you don't. We all draw our own lines.

(He sits down. Scully stares at him, then looks away.)

SCULLY: I have to show you something.

(She reaches into her briefcase and pulls out a shoe with a part of the sole melted off.)

I got these a week ago.

(She hands the shoe to Mulder and sits down on his desk.)

I stepped in something last night that ate clean through the sole. Now, maybe I'm being paranoid, but it was in the exact spot where this man Chapel said the doctor escaped.

(Mulder is pushing a pencil through the hole.)

MULDER: Why don't you send it to our lab guys for analysis?

(He hands the shoe back.)

And while you're at it, why don't you arrange for an autopsy bay?

SCULLY: An autopsy bay?

MULDER: In putting together my report for Skinner, I came across something I think you'll appreciate. Whoever killed that field agent in Syracuse was so clever, no clear cause of death can be established.

(Scully looks at him in disbelief.)




SCENE 15
AUTOPSY BAY; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Agent Weiss is layed out on an examining table with a sheet over him. Scully is reading off of a clipboard. Mulder is standing off to the side.)

SCULLY: There's no penetrating knife or gunshot wounds. No ligature marks or abrasions from strangulation. The toxicologocial is clean... and the blood work... well, the blood work is strange.

(Mulder looks over her shoulder at the file.)

MULDER: Strange how?

SCULLY: Well, there's evidence of polycythemia, excessive production of red blood cells.

(Mulder walks around to the other side of Weiss.)

MULDER: How excessive?

SCULLY: Extremely. The doctor who made this report has it in here that the blood was curdled like jelly. As if something caused the blood to thicken or clot prior to death.

MULDER: Due to what?

SCULLY: Possibly a coagulating agent introduced into the body, but it would've shown up on the toxicological.

(Mulder walks back over.)

MULDER: Didn't Agent Chapel say something about these doctors being able to contaminate the blood supply? Couldn't one of those contaminants have been used to kill this man?

SCULLY: I don't know, Mulder, I... there was a doctor's bag I took as evidence from the apartment.

(A man walks in.)

MAN: Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Yeah?

MAN: Assistant Director Skinner's been looking for you.

MULDER: All right, I'll be right there.

(The man walks out.)

Check the bag. See if you can find anything that'll connect.

SCULLY: Well, Skinner's going to want to know why you didn't file your report. What're you going to say?

MULDER: Just the truth. I got hit by a car.

(He smiles and walks out.)




SCENE 16
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR WALTER SKINNER'S OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner is writing at his desk when Mulder walks in, carrying a folder.)

MULDER: I'm sorry this is so late. I had trouble with the, uh, data from the, uh, autopsy...

(Skinner walks over to him.)

SKINNER: That's not why I called you in here, Agent Mulder. Uh... your father's been trying to reach you. There's been a family emergency.

(Mulder looks at him, surprised.)

MULDER: Thank you.

(He walks out.)




SCENE 17
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is on the phone, it is ringing. A woman picks up.)

MRS. MULDER: Hello?

MULDER: Mom?

MRS. MULDER: Fox. Is that you?

MULDER: Yeah, I, I didn't expect you to answer. Wha, what are you doing at Dad's? Is he all right?

MRS. MULDER: Yes. Let me put him on.

WILLIAM MULDER: Hello?

MULDER: Dad?

(He sits down.)

I got a message there was a family emergency.

WILLIAM MULDER: Yes, I received a very strange phone call this afternoon. I called your mother. We think it's important that you come up here as soon as possible.

MULDER: Can you tell me what this is about?

WILLIAM MULDER: I'll know more when you get here.

(He hangs up. Mulder, confused, hangs up as Scully walks in, carrying the briefcase.)

SCULLY: I didn't find anything much to go on but we've got an address.

(Mulder gets up.)

MULDER: Check it out, I'll call you as soon as I can.

SCULLY: Where you going?

MULDER: Home.

(Mulder grabs his coat and leaves. Scully looks at the tag on the briefcase which reads:

"NAME: Dr. James Dickens
ADDRESS: 3243 Edmonton Street.
CITY: Germantown.")




SCENE 18
3243 EDMONTON STREET
(Scully pulls up in front of the building, which looks to be one in a series of warehouses. She opens the door slowly and walks in, her gun in hand. She steps in something and looks down to see a lot more of the same green liquid on the floor. She keeps walking through it nonetheless and sees the giant room with the four large vats of the green liquid. One is pushed over with a resounding crash by Agent Chapel, better known as the Alien Bounty Hunter. The room is in complete shambles. The small bags with tubes attached that were in the vats litter the floor. Chapel looks down at one and steps on it, watching the green liquid pour out and smiling to himself. He hears footsteps and turns to see Scully's shadow moving back down the hall. Following the shadow, he sees the outer door close. He walks out just as Scully speeds away.)




SCENE 19
SCULLY'S HOUSE; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully paces back and forth, the phone to her ear. Mulder's machine picks up.)

MULDER ON MACHINE: Hello, this is Fox Mulder. Leave me a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can.

(It beeps.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me. I need to talk to you immediately. I've got some new information on this case.

(She walks over to the window and looks through the blinds. She sees a gray car parked outside.)

Mulder, I think I'm in danger. I'm in my apartment and I think I've been followed.

(She hangs up.)




SCENE 20
MARTHA'S VINEYARD; WEST TISBURY, MASSACHUSETTS
(Mulder gets out of his car and runs up the walkway to the front porch. His father sits in a chair off to the side.)

WILLIAM MULDER: Your mother needs some time.

(Fox looks at him as he lights a cigarette.)

MULDER: You said it was an emergency.

(William stands and walks over to him. Fox goes to hug him but William extends his hand. Fox shakes it, disappointed.)

WILLIAM MULDER: She wanted you to come. It's a difficult time. I appreciate your coming on such short notice.

MULDER: What is it, Dad?

(William takes a puff of his cigarette.)

WILLIAM MULDER: The certainty... becomes a comfort that allows you to move on.

(Fox looks through the window and sees his mother, crying, talking to someone.)

We bury our memories so deep after all that has been destroyed... never expecting...

MULDER: Who is Mom talking to?

(William takes another drag off his cigarette.)

WILLIAM MULDER: Your sister.

(Mulder looks in the window, then back at his father in disbelief. He runs into the house. The door slams shut behind him as he walks into the living room. His mother and the woman stand up. Samantha walks up to Mulder, and it is the same woman that we saw with Dickens.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: Fox.

(She nods. Mulder just stares blankly at her. At sunrise, Fox's mother is in bed and Fox closes the shades.)

MRS. MULDER: After all those sleepless nights, now I can hardly keep my eyes open.

(He fluffs her pillow. He lays her down and tucks her in.)

MULDER: You're exhausted. We all are. It's after 5:30.

MRS. MULDER: Oh, I just need a couple of hours.

(He turns off the lamp and kisses her forehead.)

MULDER: Try and get some sleep.

(He walks over and closes the other shades. She sits up.)

MRS. MULDER: Fox...

MULDER: Yeah, Mom?

MRS. MULDER: It is really her...

(She stares at him, waiting for a response.)

Isn't it?

MULDER: I... I don't see who else it could be.

(They stare at each other.)

Now go to sleep.

(Mulder walks out on the front porch and closes his eyes. The birds chirp and he looks to his right. Samantha is sitting in the chair, draped in a blanket. She smiles brightly.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: Is it too late for a game of Stratego?

(Fox laughs.)

MULDER: It's twenty-two years too late.

(He walks towards her.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: I don't think Dad can think of anything to say. He just... sat here.

MULDER: So much has happened. Where do you begin?

(She stands and looks out into the yard.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: I must have been nine or ten when I was returned. I had no memory. I was placed with a family who raised me as a daughter.

MULDER: Who were they?

SAMANTHA MULDER: I knew they weren't my parents but I didn't remember Mom or Dad..or you.

MULDER: But you came to remember... us.

SAMANTHA MULDER: I started having trouble several years ago. It was diagnosed as free-floating anxiety. Nothing worked for me. I hit rock bottom... until I underwent regression hypno-therapy. And it all started coming back...

(She starts to cry.)

The abductions, the tests...

(They hug and Mulder looks about to cry as well.)

I'm in danger, Fox.

MULDER: What do you mean?

SAMANTHA MULDER: You've been contacted. You know there's a man hunting my father and the other doctors.

MULDER: Your f... your father.

SAMANTHA MULDER: My adoptive parents. They're only visitors here... what people would call "aliens." A bounty hunter's been sent to kill them. You've met this man. His lies to you have caused others like my father to die. He won't stop until he's killed them all and anyone who tries to stop him. He'll come for me soon.




SCENE 21
SCULLY'S APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully walks out of her bathroom, running suit on, takes her fanny-pack, and leaves. She closes the door and the phone rings a few seconds later. The machine picks up.)

SCULLY ON MACHINE: Hi, this is Dana Scully.




SCENE 22
MULDER'S APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder is on the other end.)

SCULLY ON MACHINE: Please, leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can.

(The machine beeps.)

MULDER: Hey, Scully, it's Mulder, pick up the phone. Okay, if you're screening, pick up the phone, I need to talk to you.

(He sighs.)

All right, do not under any circumstances trust the C.I.A. agent. Your life may be in danger, now call me.

(He hangs up. Samantha sits, watching him.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: She may not be able to recognize him.

(She stands.)

He has the ability to disguise himself.

MULDER: Disguise himself how?

SAMANTHA MULDER: As anyone.

MULDER: As anyone? You got to be kidding.

SAMANTHA MULDER: No. You can't recognize him, but I can.




SCENE 23
BUS STOP
(Scully runs up to a bus stop as the bus pulls up. She gets in, deposits her change, and looks around. Not seeing Chapel, she pulls off her hood and sits down in the back of the bus. She looks at all the men and pulls her cellular out of her fanny-pack. She dials a number.)

MULDER ON MACHINE: Hello, this is Fox Mulder. Leave a message, please.

(It beeps.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me. I just left my aparment and I don't think I've been followed. I'm going to be staying at the Vacation Village Motor Lodge off the I-90 in Germantown. Now, by the time you reach me, I should have some very important information for you regarding this case.

(She hangs up. A few seats down, watching her, is the Alien Bounty Hunter.)




SCENE 24
3243 EDMONTON STREET
(Scully sneaks over to the building she was in before and takes out a small gun with a long metal stick in the front. She puts the stick into the keylock and pulls the trigger. The door unlocks. She slowly opens the door to the room and sees the lab is still in shambles. She splashes through the liquid on the floor and bends down at one point, looking at one of the small bags with the tubes attached. Picking up the tube, she sees a small alien-shaped figure in the bag. She stares at it. After a few seconds, it moves. She stands up, looking at it in awe as a man, looking exactly the same as the other clones before, looks at her through the barrels off to the side. She hears him moving around and looks at him. He starts running. She puts down the bag and gives chase.)

SCULLY: Wait.

(She takes out her gun and he stops at a wall.)

Stop! Federal Agent! Put your hands against the wall. Do it!

GREGOR CLONE #1: You won't shoot me.

SCULLY: Put you hands against the wall... now.

(He turns around.)

GREGOR CLONE #1: You cannot harm us.

SCULLY: Sir...

(The wall turns out to be a sliding door, which he moves to reveal a stairway and a few hallways.)

GREGOR CLONE #1: It's all right.

(Two more clones walk down the stairs and another comes in from the right.)

We are the last remaining. Unless you protect us, we are already dead.

(She stares in amazement. Later, there are police cars swarming outside. Scully is walking with another agent.)

SCULLY: These men are to be held in maximum security protective custody. No visitors, no press, no anybody... okay?

FBI AGENT: Yeah. Can I ask? Who are these guys?

SCULLY: I'll let you know when I figure it out myself.

(She walks away. He gets into one of the cars. There is a Gregor in different back seats to each car. Scully walks over to the first one, who looks back at her as they drive off. From the rooftops, the Alien Bounty Hunter watches Scully.)




SCENE 25
MULDER'S APARTMENT; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder plays back his machine. Samantha stands off to the side.)

SCULLY ON MACHINE: ...I should have some very important information for you regarding this case.

(It beeps. He dials a number. It rings.)

MAN: Vacation Village.

MULDER: Yeah, I need to speak to Dana Scully, please.

(Cut to the Vacation Village Motorlodge in Germantown.)

MAN: Just a moment.

(He scans down the guest list. Cut back to Mulder's apartment.)

I'm sorry, there's no one registered by that name.

MULDER: All right, I need her to call Fox Mulder as soon as she checks in, okay? Fox Mulder.

MAN: Fox Mulder.

MULDER: Yes.

(Cut to the Vacation Village Motorlodge.)

MAN: Will do.

(He hangs up and picks up a pencil and pad. The pencil tip breaks off.)

Now who's this message for?

(Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: I'd like a single for one night, please.

MAN: Uh... see what I got.

(Scully walks into her room and chainlocks the door. She goes into bathroom and starts running a shower. She grabs a towel and closes the door. The cellular phone inside her fanny-pack rings.)




SCENE 26
FEDERAL STOCKADE; TILESTON, VIRGINIA; 7:05 PM
(A guard walks down the hallway past the jail cells. A Gregor is seated in each one. He opens the door at the end and looks at another one. The federal marshall walks in.)

FBI AGENT: Whose post is this?

GUARD #1: Mine, sir, we're on changeover.

FBI AGENT: I'm going to talk to the prisoners.

(They walk over to the door.)

Oh, you want to get me a coffee... sugar and milk, no cream.

(The guard hands him the keys.)

GUARD #1: Do you want me to keep an eye open?

FBI AGENT: No, just get me the coffee.

GUARD #1: Yes, sir.

(The marshall unlocks the door and walks in. The guard locks the door behind him. The marshall walks over to the first clone's cell. He is sitting a pensive state but slowly looks up at the marshall. The marshall turns his hand around to reveal the Bounty Hunter's gimlet. It flicks open. The marshall is obviously the Bounty Hunter in disguise.)




SCENE 27
VACATION VILLAGE MOTORLODGE; GERMANTOWN, MARYLAND
(THE TIME IS 11:21. Scully is asleep. There is a knock on the door and she wakes up. Turning on the lamp, she gets out of bed.)

SCULLY: Who is it?

MULDER: Scully, it's me.

(She pulls back the curtain slightly and looks out the window. She walks over and opens the door.)

I got your message.

SCULLY: Where've you been?

(Her cellular phone rings.)

Hang on...

(She walks away from Mulder and picks it up.)

Scully.

MULDER: (on phone) Scully, it's me, where are you?

(Scully's body becomes tense.)

Scully? Are you there?

(She slowly turns to see Mulder closing the door.)

Scully?

(Her breathing becomes heavy as she stares at the Mulder standing in front of her.)

[TO BE CONTINUED ...]

SCENE 1
BEAUFORT SEA; 67 MILES NORTH OF DEADHORSE, ALASKA; USS ALLEGIANCE;
CRUISING DEPTH 1,000 FEET
(The captain of the submarine runs down a hallway passing officers.)

OFFICER #1: Sir.

(He salutes. The captain keeps moving.)

OFFICER #2: Captain.

(He salutes as well. The captain goes to a ladder and climbs up it to the control room. He moves over to a man at the radar station.)

CAPTAIN: What have you got?

RADAR OFFICER: I'm not quite sure, sir. We picked up some paint approximately two minutes ago.

(The captain looks at the radar screen.)

CAPTAIN: Looks like the damn thing's just hanging there.

RADAR OFFICER: Yes, sir. It's approximately two-hundred meters below the ice. Looks to be about eighty meters across and it's noisy.

CAPTAIN: Noisy, how?

RADAR OFFICER: It's emitting radio signals across the spectrum but it's... it's just random noise, sir. We can't detect any pattern.

CAPTAIN: Get me Pacific Command on the satellite uplink.

RADAR OFFICER: Yes, sir.

(He stands and adjusts some controls. The captain gets on the phone.)

CAPTAIN: Yes, admiral. I don't know what we found but it appears to be some kind of craft.

(Some murmuring is heard through the phone.)

Yes, sir, that's correct.

(More murmuring.)

But we're on a cartography mission, admiral. My crew isn't prepared to...

(Murmuring.)

Yes, sir.

(More murmuring.)

Understood, sir.

(He hangs up and walks over to the control panel.)

Set a course heading 0-4-7.

(The man at the panel starts flipping switches. The captain moves back over to the radar officer.)

RADAR OFFICER: Toward the object, sir?

(The captain picks up the phone.)

CAPTAIN: Weapons room.

(A man is heard over the phone.)

MAN: Aye, sir.

Lock torpedoes on target. Prepare to fire on command.

RADAR OFFICER: Captain, shouldn't we at least attempt to identify this object first?

CAPTAIN: We have our orders, Lieutenant.

RADAR OFFICER: But, sir...

(A loud buzzing suddenly starts. The officers cover their ears and the ship rumbles. People scream to each other as consoles start exploding, knocking people and papers over. The buzzing grows louder. Finally, it stops.)

MAN: Everything's down, negative!

(People still scream to each other as the red warning lights come on.)

CAPTAIN: Reactor's gone down.

(He picks up the phone.)

MAN: Over here...

CAPTAIN: Engine room?

(The lieutenant stands up.)

RADAR OFFICER: That won't work, captain. We've only got battery power.

(The captain hangs up the phone.)

CAPTAIN: I'm going down there. Prepare to surface at once!

(He runs back down the stairs. The radar officer looks around.)

RADAR OFFICER: Surface into what? We're under thirty-two feet of glacial ice.




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
VACATION VILLAGE MOTORLODGE; GERMANTOWN, MARYLAND
(Scully stands, ear to the phone. We see Mulder standing behind her, but Mulder is also on the phone.)

MULDER: (on phone) Scully? Are you there? Scully? What's going on?

(She slowly turns around and looks at Mulder. He mouths the words "who is it?")

SCULLY: No, sorry.

(She hangs up.)

MULDER: Who was that?

SCULLY: It's a wrong number. Where have you been, Mulder? I've been trying to get a hold of you.

MULDER: I, I was trying to reach you. I went by your house but you weren't there. I got here as quickly as I could.

SCULLY: Why didn't you call when you got my message?

MULDER: I, I, I did call. I, I couldn't get through.

(She turns around, grabs her gun and aims it at Mulder.)

SCULLY: Put your hands against the wall.

MULDER: Scully, what are you doing?

SCULLY: I said put your hands against the wall!

MULDER: What's wrong?

SCULLY: Do it!

MULDER: Scully, it's me...

(He turns around and puts his hands against the wall. Scully moves up to him.)

SCULLY: I don't know who you are.

MULDER: Okay, I'm going to take my left hand and reach into my pocket and get my I.D., okay? Just don't shoot me. I got shot once and I didn't much care for it.

SCULLY: I said keep your hands up.

(Mulder spins around and backhands her with his left then punches her with his right as he spins, sending her flying into the near wall. Her nose is bleeding. She slumps down against the wall as "Mulder" walks up to her.)

MULDER: Where is he?

(She reaches for her gun but Mulder grabs her by the throat and lifts her above his head against the wall with one hand.)

That was him on the phone, wasn't it? Tell me where he is.

SCULLY: I don't know what you're talking about.

(He throws her up and she breaks through a glass table. He looks down at her and his face morphs to that of his true identity, the Alien Bounty Hunter. Later, there is a knocking on the door.)

MULDER: Scully?

(He breaks open the door. The room is dark. He tries the light switch, but it won't work. Samantha is standing behind him in the doorway.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: He's been here.

(He picks up the lamp and turns it on. He looks down at the broken table. Samantha walks over to him.)

Your partner is alive.

MULDER: How do you know?

SAMANTHA MULDER: He took her to get me.

MULDER: There's no sign of a break-in. She wouldn't have just let him in.

SAMANTHA MULDER: She might not have known who he was. She might have thought it was you.

(They start walking back to the car.)

He's going to contact you. He's going to say he wants to make a trade, your partner's life for mine.

MULDER: Why, why does he want to kill you?

SAMANTHA MULDER: Because I know how to kill him.

MULDER: How?

SAMANTHA MULDER: By piercing the base of his skull.

MULDER: That would kill anybody.

SAMANTHA MULDER: Yes, but this is the only way to kill him and it must be precise. I'm fairly sure it'll work.

MULDER: Fairly sure?

SAMANTHA MULDER: He's got powers I've never seen before. If it doesn't work, there's a chance you could die.

MULDER: From what?

SAMANTHA MULDER: Their blood is toxic, human exposure to it is fatal.

(Mulder looks away, thinking.)

I know this must seem incredible to you...

MULDER: No, no, no, no, no... that's just it. It doesn't seem incredible at all. Now, how do we find him?

SAMANTHA MULDER: We don't. He'll find us.




SCENE 3
MULDER'S APARTMENT
(THE TIME IS 12:38. Mulder paces around his apartment as Samantha sits on the couch.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: He'll call.

MULDER: You're sure?

SAMANTHA MULDER: I know what he wants.

MULDER: And if he doesn't get it?

SAMANTHA MULDER: I know this is hard for you, Fox...

MULDER: No, it's not hard. It's unbelievable.

SAMANTHA MULDER: You don't believe me.

MULDER: After twenty-two years, why come back?

SAMANTHA MULDER: I've explained to you...

MULDER: No, no, you've explained only what you had to! I know next to nothing about these people you call your parents or about the man who wants to kill them.

(She stands.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: The men you've been seeking are the progeny of two original visitors, clones who have been attempting to establish a colony here since the late 1940's.

MULDER: A colony?

SAMANTHA MULDER: Loosely. The community, by necessity, is dispersed. There are clones identical to my parents living in virtually every part of the country.

MULDER: What are they trying to accomplish?

SAMANTHA MULDER: It's their belief that our stewardship of the planet is being forsaken, and that by default, they'll someday become the natural heirs.

MULDER: And in the meantime?

SAMANTHA MULDER: Through hybridization, they've been working to erase that aspect which has forced the community to scatter... their identical natures.

MULDER: All the clones worked in abortion clinics, why?

SAMANTHA MULDER: Access to fetal tissue. Though the biologies are incompatible, they finally found a way to combine human DNA with alien DNA.

MULDER: And this man... why has he been sent to kill them?

SAMANTHA MULDER: The experiments weren't sanctioned. It was considered a dilution of their species, a pollution of their race. So a bounty hunter was dispatched to destroy them and terminate the colony.

MULDER: That's a good story... but I've heard a lot of good stories lately.

SAMANTHA MULDER: I've got no reason to lie to you. I'm your sister, Fox, you have to trust me.

(They look at each other. There is a knock on the door. Mulder picks up his gun off the table, takes it out of the holster and walks to the door.)

MULDER: Who is it?

SKINNER: It's Skinner.

(Mulder looks at Samantha, who runs off to the side.)

Mulder?

MULDER: The door's open.

(Skinner opens the door and sees the apartment is dark. He walks in and looks at Mulder, who is sitting on the couch.)

Make yourself at home.

(Samantha takes a sharp object out of a kitchen drawer. It has a wooden handle with a long metal point sticking out of it.)

SKINNER: What's going on here, Agent Mulder? Why are the lights out?

MULDER: Orders from my opthamologist.

SKINNER: Are you all right?

(Samantha starts to sneak up behind him.)

MULDER: Yeah, I'm fine.

SKINNER: I've been trying to reach you and Agent Scully.

MULDER: I haven't checked my messages.

SKINNER: Are you aware that Agent Scully incarcerated four men with the federal marshal's office? And those men are now missing?

(Samantha flicks on the lights. Skinner turns around and Mulder stands, pointing his gun at Skinner.)

SAMANTHA MULDER: It's all right, it's not him.

(Mulder sighs in relief and puts the gun down.)

SKINNER: What the hell is going on here, Mulder?

(Both Fox and Samantha walk towards Skinner.)

MULDER: This is my sister, Samantha Mulder.

SKINNER: What?

MULDER: I haven't had time to explain, Agent Scully is missing.

SKINNER: What do you mean, missing?

(The phone rings. Mulder picks it up.)

MULDER: Hello.

(Cut to Scully, bruised and battered, blood over a good part of her face, standing in a phone booth. The Bounty Hunter skulks around the booth.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me.

(Cut to Mulder, looking up in shock.)

MULDER: Scully, where are you?

(He signals to Samantha, who picks up the phone and listens.)

SCULLY: I don't know, I'm... I'm in a telephone booth.

(Cut to Scully.)

He's got my gun, Mulder. He says he's going to kill me if you don't give him what he wants.

(Cut to Mulder. Skinner watches Mulder, unsure of what's going on.)

MULDER: Well, what does he want?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: A woman who's with you. He says you'll know what I'm talking about.

(Cut to Mulder, who's looking at Samantha. She nods.)

MULDER: All right, tell him we'll negotiate.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: He doesn't want to negotiate. He says he wants to make a trade.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: All right, let me speak to him.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: He wants you to be at Memorial Bridge at Bethesda in one hour.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Scully, I need time, I need more time than that.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder...

(The Bounty Hunter presses down on the switch, hanging up. Cut to Mulder, who hangs up his phone angrily. Samantha hangs up as well.)

SKINNER: Where is she? What's this about a negotiation?

MULDER: We don't, we don't have any time. If I ever needed your help, your trust, I need it now.




SCENE 4
OLD MEMORIAL BRIDGE; BETHESDA, MARYLAND
(Mulder and Samantha drive onto the bridge and stop near the middle. Skinner and a sharpshooter are in the bushes. The sharpshooter is building his sniper rifle.)

SKINNER: Mulder's in position.

(He looks through his binoculars.)

MULDER: We just need to get him out of the car. Make him think we're going to make a trade. We just need one shot.

SAMANTHA MULDER: To the base of the neck.

MULDER: These guys can hollow out a dime at two-hundred yards.

(They look to see another car pulling up.)

And, Samantha. Do not take any unnecessary risks out there.

(She nods. He unbuckles his seatbelt and gets out of the car. The car pulls up and Mulder walks towards it. The Bounty Hunter steps out, gun in hand. He yanks Scully out and grabs her, holding the gun to her head.)

Scully?

(They walk slowly towards him.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: Bring her out.

(Mulder stares at him, then looks back at Samantha. They look at each other, then Samantha gets out of the car and walks up to Mulder. They stare at each other. Samantha nods slightly, then starts walking towards the Bounty Hunter.)

SKINNER: Take your shot when you got it.

(Samantha and Scully look at each other.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: Step close. Right up close.

(She slowly moves up to him. Through the rifle's scope, we see him push away Scully and grab Samantha. Scully runs over to Mulder.)

MULDER: Scully, you all right?

SCULLY: Yeah.

MULDER: Yeah?

SCULLY: I'm okay.

(The Bounty Hunter puts his gun away as Scully gets into the car. The Bounty Hunter slowly inches his way back towards his car. Mulder follows. In the scope, we see that Samantha and the alien are moving behind a column. Samantha looks at Mulder then spins around and attacks the Bounty Hunter with the same weapon she was going to use on Skinner.)

SHARPSHOOTER: I lost the shot.

(The Bounty Hunter grabs Samantha again. Mulder aims his gun.)

MULDER: There's no way out. We've got both sides of the bridge covered. Now let her go.

(He slowly walks towards them. The Bounty Hunter whispers in Samantha's ear.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: Tell me where she is.

MULDER: Let her go!

(In the scope, the Bounty Hunter slowly moves into the shot. A shot rings off and the Bounty Hunter staggers. Samantha moans as the Bounty Hunter topples over the side of the bridge and they both plummet into the water. Mulder runs over to the side.)

Samantha! Samantha!

(Morning. Two scuba divers jump off a raft.)

RAFT DRIVER: Spread out.

(The divers move away from the raft.)

Clear!

(He drives off. A car pulls up next to Mulder who is leaning on the railing. Scully gets out.)

SCULLY: Mulder...

MULDER: You should be in the hospital, Scully.

SCULLY: I was discharged an hour ago and I asked to come here. Have they found anything yet?

MULDER: Nothing yet. You think she could've survived?

SCULLY: Maybe... but the water's thirty-six degrees.

MULDER: Well, maybe she went into hypothermic shock. I've heard about people who have lived after being stranded in water like this... eight to ten hours.

SCULLY: Mulder, why didn't you tell me on the phone that it was her?

MULDER: I couldn't tell you.

SCULLY: Why not?

MULDER: Cause you'd never let me go through with it.

SCULLY: Are you sure that it's your sister?

(He spins around and looks at her.)

MULDER: Why would you even question me on that?

SCULLY: Because back at the motel, Mulder, it was you but, but it wasn't you.

MULDER: Well, it was her.

(He starts walking. She follows him.)

SCULLY: Well, then who is this man and what does he...

MULDER: He's an alien.

(He opens his car door.)

SCULLY: Is that what you're going to tell Skinner?

MULDER: I already told Skinner, that was the easy part. Now I got to tell my father.

(He gets in.)




SCENE 5
MULDER'S APARTMENT
(Mulder opens the door and his father is standing there.)

WILLIAM MULDER: You didn't have me come all this way to give me good news.

(Mulder turns away.)

What is it, Fox?

MULDER: Samantha's gone... Dad. I lost her.

(William walks in.)

WILLIAM MULDER: What do you mean, you lost her?

MULDER: There was a man... he was holding my partner hostage in exchange for Samantha.

WILLIAM MULDER: You let this man take your sister. Isn't that what you're trying to tell me?

(Fox turns back.)

MULDER: I, I can't explain it to you, but, um... I believed I was doing the right thing, Dad.

WILLIAM MULDER: Was this your decision?

MULDER: Yes. I'll tell Mom.

WILLIAM MULDER: Do you realize what losing her again is going to do to your mother?

(They look at each other. Fox is about to cry.)

Do you?

(Fox tries to say something but can't. He looks down at the floor, crying.)

MULDER: I'm sorry, Dad. I'm sorry. I'm... I'm sorry.

(William goes to leave when he pulls an envelope out of his pocket.)

WILLIAM MULDER: Your sis... Samantha left this at the house for you.

(He puts it down on the table and leaves, slamming the door shut. Mulder walks over to the envelope and opens it. He takes out a letter and a keycard to a clinic that says 4A. The letter reads:

"If anything should happen to me or if we become separated, you must meet me here:
1235 91st St.
Rockville, Maryland")




SCENE 6
WOMEN'S HEALTH SERVICES CLINIC; ROCKVILLE, MARYLAND
(Mulder pulls up in his car. As he gets out of the car and walks up the stairs to the gate, his cellular phone rings. He takes it out and turns it on.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Scully is on the other end.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me.

MULDER: Scully, she left a path in case we got separated. I think she's alive.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder, I think you should come back as soon as you can.

MULDER: Why? What'd you find?

SCULLY: It's your sister.

(In the background, a team of agents takes Samantha's body off of a raft.)

We just pulled her body out of the river.

(Cut to Mulder, who's face turns to a combination of shock and sadness. Cut back to Scully.)

Mulder, I'm so sorry.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: Are you sure?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Yeah.

(She sighs.)

You know... whatever you're feeling, you can't blame yourself.

(Cut to Mulder, who exhales deeply.)

MULDER: What about a second body? Did you find a second body?

(Cut back to Scully. The agents carry the body up the hill.)

SCULLY: No, not yet.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: I'll be there as soon as I can.

(He starts down the stairs slowly.)




SCENE 7
OLD MEMORIAL BRIDGE; BETHESDA, MARYLAND
(A female and male agent run around from the back of the FBI ambulance to Scully.)

FEMALE AGENT: Agent Scully? There's something you need to see.

SCULLY: What is it?

FEMALE AGENT: It's the body we pulled from the water. Something strange is happening.

(Scully and the two others run up to the truck. Scully swings open the doors to see Samantha, her face green and bubbling. The three look on in horror and disbelief as Samantha's face fizzes and starts to cave in.




SCENE 8
WOMEN'S HEALTH SERVICES CLINIC; ROCKVILLE, MARYLAND
(Mulder stands on the stairs, thinking. He turns back and runs the keycard down through the sensor. The door opens and he walks in. He looks around the room, which is full of boxes, and hears a beeping. He takes out his gun and walks towards the beeping. Stopping at a stairwell, he hears some noise downstairs, which is where he moves. He moves into a room where a person is standing at a desk. He points his gun.)

MULDER: Federal agent. Put your hands where I can see them and turn around. Slowly.

(The person turns around.)

Who are you?

(She takes off her goggles and doctor's mask. It is Samantha. Mulder lowers his gun.)

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #1: She's dead, isn't she?

MULDER: What the hell is going on?

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #1: Come, please. There's not much time.

(She opens a door.)

MULDER: Who are you?

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #1:Please.

(Mulder tentatively walks into the room and sees another Samantha clone standing at a computer, green vats all around her.)

MULDER: It was all a lie.

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #1: We needed your help. We knew you could be manipulated.

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #2: He'll be coming. We must hurry now.

MULDER: Who?

(Another Samantha clone walks up behind him, this one in a lab coat.)

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #3: The man who's been sent to kill us.

MULDER: He's dead.

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #1: How do you know?

MULDER: He was shot. In the back of the neck!

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #2: How did he die?

MULDER: He fell off a bridge... with one of you.

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #3: Then we don't know for sure. You could have been followed. Come with me.

(She walks out of the room.)

This way, Agent Mulder.

(Mulder looks at the first clone then follows her down the hallway to a door. The third clone slides her keycard down a sensor and opens the door.)

The rest of us are dispensable.

(Another clone steps out.)

She was the first. The one from which we all came. The one you must save.

(Mulder realizes that Samantha was indeed not Samantha, that they were all alien clones.)

MULDER: I'm not your savior.

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #4: You must help us. You have no choice.

MULDER: No, I... I do have a choice and my choice is to walk out of here.

(He starts to walk away.)

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #4: We know where your sister is.

(Mulder turns back.)

Ask yourself, Agent Mulder, how else would we know so much about her?

(A fire alarm goes off.)

SAMANTHA MULDER CLONE #3: He's here.

(She starts to walk away. Mulder turns back and walks down the previous hallway, gun in hand. He walks down a hallway flooded with smoke, coughing. He reaches a doorway and when he turns to go through, he is met with an open fist by the Bounty Hunter. Mulder goes down, nearly unconscious. The Bounty Hunter flicks open his gimlet and steps over Mulder's body. He looks down the hallway, then goes back the way Mulder came. Mulder groans on the floor. The fire trucks arrive. Firemen run around, some pulling out hoses, some running into the building as it burns. A fireman runs through some fire and comes across Mulder.)

FIREMAN: I found one!

(He kneels down and starts to help Mulder up, who is coughing.)

Sir, we're going to get you out of here.

MULDER: What about the others?

FIREMAN: We got real lucky. There are no others.

(He leads Mulder up the stairs.)

MULDER: No. Wait. There were women in here.

FIREMAN: We looked. You're the only one here.

MULDER: No. You've got to keep looking...




SCENE 9
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Scully is typing up her report. We hear her speaking over it.)

SCULLY: After being treated for smoke inhalation, Agent Mulder was released from Samaritan Hospital in satisfactory condition. At his request, the abortion clinic where he was found has been searched repeatedly but the bodies of the women he insists perished there were not found. My report on this case remains incomplete. Many aspects continue to defy explanation including the identities of the identical men and women. Agent Mulder's claim of alien origins cannot be substantiated. The man suspected in their disappearances is still at large...




SCENE 10
US MEDICAL RESEARCH INSTITUTE OF INFECTIOUS DISEASES
(A man in a quarantine containment suit is standing over Weiss' body, which has been dissected. Stitch marks run around Weiss' neck and down his chest. He picks up a scalpel off a tray. Scully can still be heard.)

SCULLY: ...and has now been charged with the death of F.B.I. Special Agent Barret Weiss, whose body has been quarantined at the U.S. Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases. Weiss' cause of death involved a thickening of the blood. It is now believed that he was subjected to a virulent strain of virus whose origin and behavior are also unexplainable.

(A man in a labcoat, Able Gardner, walks in with Scully, talking.)

It is my hope that further analysis of this contagion will aid in the solution of this case.

(Scully looks through a microscope at a sample of Weiss' blood, which has many long blue viruses in it.)

This is a retrovirus?

GARDNER: Yes, but none of us here have ever seen anything like it. Do you recognize it?

SCULLY: Was the thickening of Agent Weiss' blood an immunological response to the virus?

(Gardner walks around Scully to a computer.)

GARDNER: Apparently. When the body's exposed to it, it triggers a massive production of red blood cells. Now, take a look at this.

(A picture comes up on the screen of blood with a few blue viruses in it.)

We took a second culture and were able to control it's growth.

SCULLY: What did you do to it?

GARDNER: All we did was lower the temperature by five degrees fahrenheit.

SCULLY: So the virus is inhibited by cold.

GARDNER: Knocked out by it. For some reason, this retrovirus goes dormant at cold temperatures.

SCULLY: We pulled a body from the river yesterday that was chilled near freezing. When it started to thaw, it began to corrode.

GARDNER: Corrode?

SCULLY: If you find out anything else, you let me know as soon as possible.

(She walks out as the man in the containment suit works on Weiss in the back.)




SCENE 11
KENNEDY CENTER; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(X walks around the side of the building and walks up to Mulder. He is wearing a tuxedo.)

X: You wanted to see me?

MULDER: How was the opera?

X: Wonderful, I've never slept better. I don't like these hasty public meetings, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: I'm sorry. I need your help.

X: It's over. The fat lady is singing.

MULDER: I need to know what you know.

X: Okay, they're all dead.

MULDER: No. One of them is alive, the one who was sent to kill them. Where is he?

X: A nuclear submarine located his craft in the Beaufort Sea five days ago. They were ordered to destroy it but they were disabled. An attack fleet left port from Anchorage this morning to make sure this man does not leave.

MULDER: I got to get up there.

X: You'll only win the war if you pick the right battles, Agent Mulder. This is a battle you can't win.

(He walks away.)




SCENE 12
MULDER'S APARTMENT
(Scully knocks on Mulder's door.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me, are you there?

(She looks down and sees two newspapers stacked. She kicks one, then unlocks the door and goes inside. Sitting down and putting her coat on the chair, she goes to his computer and turns it on. The modem dials a number. She looks at his window and sees an "X" in masking tape on it. The computer beeps and she sees a small box that reads:

"Message Notice
E-mail message waiting
Mulder, 000517"

She double-clicks on it and it expands to an e-mail to Scully with the heading:

"MAIL-238479
TO: Dana Scully, 001813
FROM: Fox Mulder, 000517"

We hear Mulder reading the letter.)

MULDER: Scully, when you get this message, I will be too far away for you to stop me, but where I'm going I cannot allow you to follow. I won't let you jeopardize your life and your career for reasons purely personal to me. You were right, Scully... you said a line has to be drawn somewhere. I'm drawing it for you here. I'll contact you when I can.

(She gets up.)




SCENE 13
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR WALTER SKINNER'S OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner sits at his desk, writing. Scully opens the door.)

SCULLY: Sir?

(He looks at her.)

I'm sorry to come unannounced, sir, but your assistant wasn't at her desk.

(He stands.)

SKINNER: What is it, Scully?

SCULLY: May we speak off the record, sir?

SKINNER: About?

SCULLY: Agent Mulder.

(He walks over and closes the door.)

He's gone.

SKINNER: Where?

SCULLY: I don't know, I was hoping that you could tell me or help me to find out.

SKINNER: When I spoke to Agent Mulder the day before yesterday, he said he was going to take some time off.

SCULLY: He told me the same thing but I don't think this matter with his sister is settled. Sir, is there any way that you can reach him through unofficial channels?

(He thinks about this.)

SKINNER: I can't help you, Agent Scully.

(He turns back towards his desk.)

SCULLY: Please?

(He looks back at her.)

SKINNER: Agent Scully, you and I both have a greater responsibility to consider and that is to the F.B.I. Agent Mulder's actions in this case are in violation of his duties, his oath of trust and bureau protocol. He's risked my position, your life.

SCULLY: Agent Mulder has saved my life!

SKINNER: If he wanted or expected you to the same, he would have told you where he was going.

(He walks back to his desk and sits down.)

Please close the door on your way out, Agent Scully.

(She stares at him for a few seconds, then leaves. Skinner picks up his pen to write, then slams it down and looks back at the door.)




SCENE 14
MULDER'S APARTMENT
(Scully turns on Mulder's desk light and shines it through the window on the "X." Later on, she falls asleep. There is a knock on the door and she wakes up. She opens the door and sees X standing there. X is surprised to see her.)

SCULLY: Where is Mulder?

X: Sorry, I must have the wrong apartment.

(He starts walking down the hall. Scully walks after him.)

SCULLY: Where's Mulder? I need to know, damn it!

X: I'm sorry, you've mistaken me for someone else.

SCULLY: I'm losing time!

(He presses the button on the elevator and gets in.)

X: I'm sorry. I can't help you.

(The door closes. X lets out a deep breath and looks down at the floor. The elevator stops and the door opens. X goes to leave but his path is barred by Skinner.)

Excuse me.

SKINNER: Did you tell her what she needed to know?

(X looks at him with a strange face, then goes to pull out his gun in realization. Skinner grabs him by his trenchcoat and slams him up against the back wall of the elevator.)

How hard do you want to make this?

X: No harder than it has to be.

(X headbutts Skinner then punches him with a right hand, knocking him back. X once again goes to pull out his gun but Skinner grabs him and punches him in the gut. He then delivers his own headbutt and throws him into the corner. He grabs him by the trenchcoat again but before he can pick him up, X points his gun in Skinner's face. Skinner as a big cut on his forehead.)

I've killed men for far less.

SKINNER: You pull that trigger, you'll be killing two men. Now I want to know where Mulder is.

(There is a knock on Mulder's door. Scully opens it and sees Skinner standing there, looking ragged and disheveled. Blood runs down the side of his face from the cut. His nose and lips are bloody.)

Agent Mulder took a commercial flight to Tacoma, Washington. From there, he caught a military plane to Deadhorse, Alaska.

(Scully looks at him, shocked. She motions for him to come in. He does so and walks over to the table.)

He used his F.B.I. credentials to charter a Rollagon all-terrain vehicle. It's still a ten-mile hike across the ice.

(He leans over and writes something down on a piece of paper.)

These are the coordinates of his final destination.

(He hands the paper to Scully.)

SCULLY: How did you get this?

SKINNER: Unofficial channels.

(Mulder looks at a small digital control he has that charts his location. Carrying a flashlight, he walks a little farther and sees the top of the submarine sticking out above the ice. He walks around and climbs up the ladder. He opens the hull door and climbs inside. The room is dark and quiet. He takes off his hood and unzips his coat. He shines his flashlight around the equipment. No signs of life. He shines it down on the floor and sees a man lying dead. Moving the flashlight more, he sees two more men slumped down on the floor. Suddenly, there is a bang and footsteps.)

MULDER: Hey!

(He runs after the noise, gun in hand.)

Stop!

(He walks down a ladder and looks tentatively down the hallway. There is another bang and he turns to see a man running down a hallway a few doors down. He runs after him and sees another ladder going down. He hears a clang to the left of him and goes toward it. There are a few more bangs and he spins around to see a man wedged in between a pipe and a wall. The man gasps.)

Who are you?

MAN: Lieutenant Terry Wilmer.

MULDER: Step out of there!

(The man slowly starts to move out of his spot.)

Come out!

(He moves out from between the pipe and the wall. Afterwards, the man is sitting down at a desk, the flashlight in front of him, shining in his face. Mulder is standing in back of him and to the right. When the man speaks, it is very shaky, like whimpering.)

What happened to you?

MAN: I don't know. We, uh... we just lost power. We, we... we drifted under the ice for days. Then, um... then we hit a...

(He turns his head towards Mulder, who points his gun.)

MULDER: Don't look at me, face forward!

(The man turns back.)

MAN: We hit a shallow patch and punched through, okay? That's what happened.

MULDER: So why did you run?

MAN: A man came. He, um... he sealed most of the men below decks without any air and, uh... and then he started to execute the rest of us.

(Mulder moves directly behind him. The man is crying.)

Every... they're all dead. I, uh... I thought you were him, I didn't know if you were him.

MULDER: How is it you managed to survive?

MAN: I hid under the body of a chief petty officer, okay? I, uh... I played dead.

(Mulder flips a switch and the submarine regains power. The man looks around and hears a clicking. He looks to see that Mulder has handcuffed him. Mulder holds the gun to the back of the man's neck.)

What's this for? What are you, crazy?

MULDER: No. I'm just tired and you're not getting back to your ship until I get the truth. Now tell me where my sister is.

MAN: I don't know what you're talking about.

MULDER: Base of the neck! Now, you tell me how I can find her and I'll let you get back to your ship before it's destroyed!

MAN: Please... please...

(His voice suddenly changes to a very strong tone.)

You're making a really big mistake.

(He tosses Mulder across the room. The man stands and Mulder looks up at him. The man suddenly grows taller and his features change. He is the Alien Bounty Hunter. Mulder looks on in awe as the Bounty Hunter tugs at the handcuff and tosses Mulder back the other way.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: If I wanted to, I could've killed you many times before.

MULDER: Where is she?

(The Bounty Hunter throws him back down to the floor.)

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: Is the answer to your question worth dying for? Is that what you want?

MULDER: Where is she?

(Mulder is thrown back to where he was. He groans and coughs.)

Just tell me where she is.

ALIEN BOUNTY HUNTER: She's alive. Can you die now?

(The Bounty Hunter starts dragging him out the door, knocking over the chair. Mulder grabs his gun off of the floor and shoots the Bounty Hunter in the back. The alien leaks green and looks back at Mulder, who screams in pain as the toxic gases attack him. Mulder is dragged up the hull and thrown onto the floor. The assassin starts to climb back down, looks at Mulder and closes the hull, snapping the handcuffs in two. Mulder tries to hang on but drops down to the ice and tumbles beneath the wing. He groans and coughs, his face discolored from the cold and the poison. The riding lights come on. The wing turns and assumes a vertical position. The sub starts to sink, the wing speeding down at Mulder, about to chop him in half. With the last of his strength, he rolls out of the way.)




SCENE 15
EMERGENCY ROOM; EISENHOWER FIELD
(Scully bursts into the emergency room. Mulder is sitting in a tub, an oxygen mask on. The people are talking in the background.)

NURSE: No change in B.P. or pulse.

(Scully looks at Mulder and holds up her badge.)

SCULLY: I'm Dana Scully, I'm Agent Mulder's partner. What are his vitals?

(The doctor walks over to her.)

DOCTOR: He's suffering from extreme hypothermia.

SCULLY: No... you've got to get him out of the tub.

DOCTOR: He's dying, he's lost all his body heat.

SCULLY: You've got to listen to me! If you keep him in there, you're going to kill him! The cold is the only thing that's keeping him alive.

(Mulder flatlines.)

NURSE: His heart stopped!

DOCTOR: Give me one amp of epinephrine in a cannula!

SCULLY: You don't know what you're dealing with here! Agent Mulder has been exposed to a retrovirus resulting in hyperviscosity syndrome.

DOCTOR: I want you out of my E.R. right now. Nurse!

(A nurse walks over to her.)

NURSE: Yes, doctor. Ma'am...

SCULLY: His blood has thickened...

NURSE: Ma'am...

SCULLY: That's why his heart is failing!

(The doctor spins around.)

DOCTOR: No, his heart is failing because he's lost all his body heat!

SCULLY: No, the only thing saving him right now is the hypermetabolic state induced by the cold. Now, if you don't do what I'm saying, you are going to kill him!

(The doctor stares at her for a second. She takes off her coat.)

Let's get him out of that tub now.

(The doctor holds an oxygen mask over Mulder's mouth as Scully readies the defibrillators.)

MAN: A hundred joules, charged and ready.

SCULLY: Clear!

WOMAN: Clear.

(She puts the defibrillators down on Mulder's chest and they go off. Still no pulse.)

No rhythm.

MAN: Charge?

DOCTOR: No.

SCULLY: Clear!

WOMAN: Clear.

(Scully tries again. A slight pulse picks up.)

DOCTOR: I'm picking up a faint pulse.

(Scully puts the defribillators down.)

SCULLY: I want a digoxin 0.1 milligram I.V. Hang a heparin drip at 1,000 units per hour. And get him two units of fresh frozen plasma now.

(The nurse runs off to do so.)

DOCTOR: This patient's not even in...

SCULLY: He's going to make it.

(She runs her hand through his hair.)

MAN: Let's get the plasma going. Okay, let's get a second line ready.

OTHER MAN: Push the adrenaline...

(Later, Mulder lays on his hospital bed, oxygen tube in his nose. Scully sits at his bedside. We hear her voice over the scene.)

SCULLY: Transfusions and an aggressive treatment with anti-viral agents have resulted in a steady but gradual improvement in Agent Mulder's condition. Blood tests have confirmed his exposure to the still unidentified retrovirus whose origin remains a mystery. The search team that found Agent Mulder has located neither the missing submarine nor the man he was looking for.

Several aspects of this case remain unexplained, suggesting the possibility of paranormal phenomena... but I am convinced that to accept such conclusions is to abandon all hope of understanding the scientific events behind them. Many of the things I have seen have challenged my faith and my belief in an ordered universe...

(Later, a nurse opens the door to Mulder's room for Scully, who sits down at his bedside. He no longer has the oxygen tube and is looking much healthier than before.)

...but this uncertainty has only strengthened my need to know, to understand, to apply reason to those things which seem to defy it. It was science that isolated the retrovirus Agent Mulder was exposed to, and science that allowed us to understand its behavior. And ultimately, it was science that saved Agent Mulder's life.

(Mulder groans. Scully looks up at him and smiles. He slowly turns to look at her.)

Hey. How you feeling?

(Mulder can only whisper.)

MULDER: Like I got a bad case of freezer burn. How did I get here?

SCULLY: A naval reconnaissance squad found and choppered you to Eisenhower Field.

(He nods.)

Thanks for ditching me.

MULDER: I... I'm sorry, I... I couldn't let you risk your life on this.

SCULLY: Did you find what you were looking for?

MULDER: No. No. But I... I found something I thought I'd lost. Faith to keep looking.

(She smiles.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
IDAHO MUTUAL INSURANCE TRUST, FAIRFIELD, IDAHO
(Two janitors are cleaning the lobby after hours. A radio is playing, and the younger one is dancing with his mop. The older one looks over at him.)

JANITOR 1: [They don't pay you to dance, Roberto!]

JANITOR 2: Okay, okay.

JANITOR 1: (pointing overhead at the security camera) [God is watching.]

JANITOR 2: Okay.

(The first janitor lays a cigarette on end on the floor. The floor begins to shake and the cigarette vibrates across the floor tile. The security camera shakes in its support, and a loud thumping is heard. The first janitor turns off the radio, and he and second janitor look toward the large front window. Suddenly it shatters. They duck, then run to the window to look outside. A path of destruction works its way up the street. First a car is crushed, then a street sign is bent and a sidewalk stand is crushed. A second car is then crushed and shoved onto the sidewalk. The janitors look on in amazement. The first janitor crosses himself.)

JANITOR 1: Santa maria san locos.

(Some road construction men are drinking coffee when they hear an approaching rumble.)

WORKER 1: What the hell is that?

(They see nothing, but the road barricades leading to them are crushed one by one.)

WORKER 2: Hey! Get out of the way!

(They scatter except for the first worker who stays in the roadway. He is suddenly thrown backward and there is the sound of an angry elephant. The other men go to their fallen co-worker.)

WORKER 3: He's hurt bad, man!

WORKER 2: Hurry up! Get an ambulance!

(It is early morning and a truck tractor is bob-tailing down a highway in the fog. The driver calls in on his CB radio.)

BREWER: (to CB) This is Wesley Brewer out on Route 7. Looks like About an 8:00 ETA on that trailer pickup. This fog's gonna slow me down.

DISPATCHER: (on CB) 10-4, Wesley.

(Out of the fog ahead, an elephant suddenly appears, heading straight for the tractor.)

BREWER: Mother of God!

(He slams on the brakes, and the tractor comes to a stop inches from the elephant. The elephant moves alongside the cab and stares at Brewer for a moment, then moves on.)

(Two state police cars speed down the highway, sirens blaring. They stop at a group of people standing on the road. A young child is crying. They approach the elephant, lying on its side in the road.)

WOMAN: She was just lying there when we found her, officer.

(The elephant is alive but unable to get up. As the young child continues to cry, another child kneels in front of the animal. The elephant moans.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
(Scully is outside the Idaho Mutual Trust Building, interviewing the two janitors.)

SCULLY: So you saw nothing when the window broke? No one outside?

JANITOR 1: No.

JANITOR 2: (shaking his head) Nothing.

JANITOR 1: We heard a noise like thunder. Then glass everywhere.

SCULLY: Okay. Thank you.

(The janitors leave. Mulder, who was in the building, climbs out through the broken window frame.)

MULDER: What did the janitors say?

SCULLY: They claim they didn't see anything.

MULDER: That's not surprising. The security monitors don't have a recording of anything either. Just a giant implosion of glass like some kind of giant shock wave.

SCULLY: What the janitors describe sounds more like a sonic boom.

MULDER: No sonic boom did this. (points to the crushed car on the street) The construction worker who was killed had his spine crushed like a string of seashells, a circular abrasion on his torso in roughly the shape of an elephant's foot. Other workers at the site said they felt the ground shake followed by a faint whiff of animal odor in the wind.

SCULLY: Mulder, if you're still suggesting that the elephant did this, it just defies logic. Somebody would have seen it.

MULDER: Well, if somebody would have seen it, Scully, we wouldn't be here. Another vehicle would have left evidence of a collision - distress to the metal, or paint. I can see signs of neither of those things. I'd be willing to admit the possibility of a tornado but it's not really tornado season. I'd even be willing to entertain the notion of a black hole passing over the area ... (Scully gives him a skeptical glance) ... or some cosmic anomaly, but it's not really black hole season, either. (he smiles) If I was a betting man I'd say that it was, uh, ...

SCULLY: An invisible elephant?

MULDER: I saw David Copperfield make the Statue of Liberty disappear once.

MEECHAM: Agent Mulder?

(A man approaches who just drove up in a panel truck.)

MULDER: Yeah.

MEECHAM: Ed Meecham, Fairfield Zoo. Sorry for the holdup. We had trouble transporting Ganesha's body this morning.

MULDER: This is Agent Scully.

MEECHAM: (to Scully) Hi.

SCULLY: Have they determined what he died of?

MEECHAM: She. Ganesha was a 12-year-old Indian female. Near as I can figure, she ran herself into exhaustion.

MULDER: How did she escape?

MEECHAM: Well now, there's a puzzle. When I got the call this morning, I expected to find her cage open or something but it was locked tight just like I left it.

MULDER: Any idea how she could have escaped a locked cage?

MEECHAM: No, sir. No signs of tampering.

MULDER: I've read about something called the elephant rebellion in zoos across the country - a high incidence of elephants turning on their keepers, destroying their pens. Was Ganesha ever a problem like that?

MEECHAM: Elephants are very big, very willful animals.

MULDER: So you're saying there were problems?

MEECHAM: Well, the person you're gonna want to talk to about that is Willa Ambrose.

SCULLY: Ambrose?

MEECHAM: She's a naturalist. She was hired by the Board of Supervisors last year to oversee things. Well, now she's supposed to be the reigning authority.

MULDER: Well, let me ask you something. In your opinion, the damage here on the street - could this have been caused by an escaped elephant?

MEECHAM: In my honest opinion?

MULDER: Yeah.

MEECHAM: Sure. Will you excuse me?

(Meecham walks away. Mulder walks along looking at the trash on the street.)

SCULLY: What're you looking for, Mulder?

MULDER: A local paper. I want to see if David Copperfield's in town.




SCENE 3
FAIRFIELD ZOO
(The zoo is open. Mulder and Scully approach a zoo worker.)

SCULLY: Excuse me. We're looking for Willa Ambrose.

WORKER: (pointing) There.

SCULLY: Thank you.

WORKER: Sure.

(They approach Willa Ambrose, who is standing with a clipboard along one of the zoo's paths.)

SCULLY: Miss Ambrose?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yes.

SCULLY: I'm Agent Dana Scully. (flashes her badge) This is Agent Mulder. We're with the FBI.

WILLA AMBROSE: How can I help you?

SCULLY: Well, a federal employee was fatally injured last night, and there seems to be a case developing around the elephant that escaped from your zoo.

WILLA AMBROSE: It was my understanding that the eyewitnesses to the accident said that they didn't know how the man was killed.

MULDER: Actually, what we're trying to determine is how Ganesha escaped.

WILLA AMBROSE: Well, what did Ed tell you?

MULDER: He said he found the cage locked, the same way he left it.

WILLA AMBROSE: What more can I say?

MULDER: I don't want to belabor this, but a man was found trampled to death. An animal from your zoo was found 43 miles from here. No one's looking to place any blame, we're just trying to understand the facts that led up to this incident.

(They are now in a concrete building, and Willa shows them a heavy padlock on a seven-foot heavy metal door.)

WILLA AMBROSE: This is where Ganesha was held when she wasn't in her habitat.

MULDER: Who has keys to this lock?

WILLA AMBROSE: Only myself and Mr. Meecham. Otherwise, this is a restricted area. (Scully is looking at the tops of the bars to the cage) Elephants aren't particularly good jumpers if that's what you're thinking.

SCULLY: No, I was just wondering why such a small pen for such a large animal.

WILLA AMBROSE: The zoo was built in the 1940s. The pens and habitats are all too confining. I was brought on to expand and create more humane environments. Unfortunately, these things take time.

(Mulder has been looking at a tie-down ring with chains attached.)

MULDER: Those, uh, chains on the ground there?

WILLA AMBROSE: Those are tie-downs. They're meant to restrict the animal's movement. I disallowed their use when I came to work here.

MULDER: Disallowed their use by whom?

WILLA AMBROSE: It was Ed Meecham's practice. It reflected an old, nonprogressive zoo policy.

MULDER: How's your relationship with Ed Meecham?

WILLA AMBROSE: I'm his boss and I'm a woman, and Ed doesn't like that much.

SCULLY: Would he be vindictive enough to let Ganesha go as an act of sabotage?

WILLA AMBROSE: Well, if he did that would be foolish. The facility is running at a deficit and in danger of losing its funding.

MULDER: Have you spoken about the incident with Ed?

WILLA AMBROSE: No. I think Ed's got enough dealing with the W.A.O.

SCULLY: W.A.O?

MULDER: It's the Wild Again Organization - they're a radical group that believes any captive animal is a crime against nature.

WILLA AMBROSE: Believe me they're gonna have a field day with this one. Excuse me.




SCENE 4
CONSTRUCTION SITE, HIGHWAY 24
(Among the debris from the previous night's accident, Scully and Mulder are talking to Kyle Lang, leader of the local W.A.O. Scully and Mulder are examining some photographs taken of Ganesha lying on the highway.)

KYLE LANG: The W.A.O. believes only tragedy results from keeping animals in captivity. In the wild, an elephant like that would roam an area 20 square miles, minimum. Ganesha weighed in excess of 5000 pounds, and she was being held in a 50 by 50 foot cage.

SCULLY: And you consider that inhumane treatment?

KYLE LANG: It's like you or I living in a pickle barrel.

SCULLY: According to FBI files, you've been arrested over a dozen times for activities involving the kidnapping of circus and zoo animals.

KYLE LANG: The W.A.O. sees it as liberation.

SCULLY: Hmmm. Were you involved in the liberation of Ganesha?

KYLE LANG: That would make me an accessory to murder, wouldn't it? (Scully arches her eyebrows) Endangering these animals is against everything we believe. These are incredibly spiritual creatures. Their rituals and behavior are linked to a past no man ever witnessed. Did you know they actually bury their dead? They can visit an elephant graveyard centuries old and know instinctively where the bones of their ancient ancestors lie.

MULDER: What do you think Ganesha was running from?

KYLE LANG: You want to see what she was running from? I'll show you.

(They are now in the W.A.O. office. Lang is showing them a video of two men forcibly pulling an elephant to its feet. Another younger member of the W.A.O. is in the room with them.)

KYLE LANG: This is how Ed Meecham treats these majestic animals.

MULDER: This is still going on?

KYLE LANG: Ed Meecham's a barbarian. He's been torturing animals at the Fairfield Zoo for years. We figure he's still at it. Eventually we're

gonna get some proof. We're here to put pressure on the zoo. We're keeping track of what goes on there.

MULDER: Even though Willa Ambrose claims that she's put a stop to most of his old practices?

KYLE LANG: Whatever Willa Ambrose's intentions, she's too preoccupied to really know how Meecham operates.

SCULLY: Preoccupied with what?

KYLE LANG: A lawsuit she's fighting against the Malawi government over a lowland gorilla named Sophie. Willa rescued her from a north African customs house ten years ago. Raised her like a child. Now the Malawi government wants her back.

SCULLY: Will they win?

KYLE LANG: This is a perfect example of man's imperialism over the animal kingdom - this craven impulse to turn animals into objects for our own selfish pleasure.

SCULLY: I thought you said she rescued this gorilla.

KYLE LANG: Yeah, rescued her so she could spend a life behind bars. Her obligation should have been to return the gorilla to the wild. All animals should run free.

SCULLY: Even if that means trampling a man to death?

KYLE LANG: Maybe he should have gotten out of the way.

MULDER: I'm sure he would have if he'd seen it coming. Thanks for your time, sir, and we'll get back to you soon.

(Scully appears annoyed at Lang. On their way out, Scully notices a video camera on a shelf.)

(They step out of the W.A.O. office. It is now dark.)

MULDER: It's all happening at the zoo, Scully.

SCULLY: Well, we found our suspects.

MULDER: You think they busted out the elephant?

SCULLY: Well, you heard the man - "all animals should run free."

MULDER: What about all the eyewitness accounts, the security tapes from the video camera, the fact no one saw an elephant until it was miles away from the zoo?

SCULLY: Well, the lights they were using at the construction site were mercury vapor, 10,000 candlepower. They can restrict a man's ability to adjust his vision to the dark. And their security cameras are poor quality. A gray elephant may not have registered an image on tape in the dim light in front of the building.

MULDER: Ah, I'm not buying it, Scully. I think these guys are all talk.

SCULLY: These guys are dedicated to exactly this kind of activity, unabashedly. Did you check out the night vision camera they had lying on the shelf?

MULDER: No.

SCULLY: It wouldn't surprise me if they tried to capitalize on their success.

MULDER: By doing what?

SCULLY: By liberating another animal. Willa Ambrose said that the zoo was in trouble financially. A loss of another big exhibit could shut them down entirely.

MULDER: All right. You keep an eye on the W.A.O.

SCULLY: And where are you going?

MULDER: Talk to the animals.




SCENE 5
JOJO'S COPY CENTER
(Mulder is in a satellite conference room. Frohike and Byers are projected onto the screen.)

FROHIKE: Beam me up, Scotty.

MULDER: Did anybody ever tell you the camera loves you, Frohike?

FROHIKE: Yeah, the arresting officers at the "Free James Brown" rally.

BYERS: So what's this costing the taxpayers, Mulder?

MULDER: Uh, about 150 bucks an hour.

FROHIKE: Ouch. Almost as much as Bill Clinton's haircuts.

MULDER: Where's Langley?

BYERS: He has a philosophical issue with having his image bounced off a satellite.

FROHIKE: What are you doing in Idaho?

MULDER: I'm in the town of Fairfield. What do you know about it?

BYERS: They got a little zoo there. Lots of strange lore - animals escaping, disappearing without a trace.

MULDER: Any idea why?

FROHIKE: You're not far from the Mountain Home Air Base. Major UFO hot spot.

BYERS: Weird fact, Mulder. No animal at Fairfield Zoo has ever brought a pregnancy to term.

FROHIKE: Not a cub or a chick.

BYERS: The woman who runs the zoo has a gorilla that knows sign language - supposedly with a vocabulary of 1,000 words.

(Mulder's cell phone rings. Frohike steps toward the camera.)

FROHIKE: If that's the lovely Agent Scully, let her know I've been working out. I'm buff.

MULDER: (smiling) (to phone) Mulder.

(It is the lovely Agent Scully. She is a short distance from the entrance to the zoo.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me. I was right. I just followed the kid from the W.A.O. to the zoo. He's just about to make it over the fence.

MULDER: All right, I'll be right there, Scully.

(The kid scales the chain-link fence. Scully runs to the fence and climbs over it as well. The kid walks through the zoo, with Scully keeping a discreet distance. The kid climbs over a stone barrier. As Scully approaches the barrier, a hand grabs her shoulder and turns her around. She gasps in surprise.)

ED MEECHAM: What the hell are you doing here?

SCULLY: There's a member of the W.A.O. on the premises.

ED MEECHAM: Come with me.

(They enter a zoo building, as the kid continues through the zoo. He pulls the night vision camera out of a flannel bag.)

(Mulder pulls up at the zoo entrance and he also climbs the fence.)

(The kid walks alongside a tiger's cage, and the tiger snarls at him. Several other animals, including a lion, a cougar, a baboon and several birds, start making lots of noise.)

(Scully and Meecham are still inside a zoo building. They hear the racket outside.)

SCULLY: What's going on?

(In another building, Willa Ambrose looks up as Sophie, in a cage across the room, also become agitated.)

WILLA AMBROSE: (motioning with sign language) It's okay, Sophie. Calm down.

(Outside, the kid points the night vision camera at the tiger and begins filming. Suddenly, there is a blinding light and the kid shields his eyes. When the light fades, the tiger has disappeared. He hears a roar behind him and whirls around but sees nothing. He is knocked to the ground and drops the camera, which is still filming. His face has several large cuts as if he's been clawed. He is then grabbed by the neck and thrashed from side to side, although there is no animal visible. He screams as the camera continues filming.)




SCENE 6
W.A.O. OFFICES
(Scully is questioning Kyle Lang. Several police officers are also in the room.)

KYLE LANG: I don't know what you're talking about.

SCULLY: You have no idea what he was doing at the zoo?

KYLE LANG: If you're asking me if I have any idea of his intentions, the answer is simple. Not the slightest.

(Scully holds up a plastic bag with the night vision camera in it.)

SCULLY: What if I said I saw this camera sitting up there on the shelf yesterday?

KYLE LANG: Guess I never noticed it before.

SCULLY: A tiger is missing, and a member of your organization is dead. For such a principled man, you show an amazing lack of emotion.

KYLE LANG: If the tiger killed this person, then it was a natural act.

SCULLY: Well, if I find evidence that he was releasing those animals under your orders, I'll make sure you spend the rest of your life behind bars.

(Mulder opens the door and enters.)

MULDER: Scully?

(He motions to her. Scully walks out, handing the bag with the camera to an officer at the door. They walk through the building.)

SCULLY: You know, that guy really pisses me off.

MULDER: You okay, Scully?

SCULLY: Yeah.

MULDER: You calmed down?

(She shoots him a not-so-pleasant look.)

SCULLY: Have they found the tiger yet?

MULDER: No, but I looked at the cassette from the kid's recorder. He wasn't killed by the tiger.

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: Unless it's trick photography, that kid was killed by some kind of phantom attacker.

SCULLY: You saw his body, Mulder. That kid was mauled to death. He had deep claw marks on his chest and on his back.

MULDER: I can't explain it either, but I know someone who might be able to.

(Mulder and Scully are walking through a building at the zoo.)

MULDER: Excuse me? Miss Ambrose? May we have a word with you?

(Willa Ambrose is carrying a clipboard and was just going into a room with a "Sick Animal - Restricted" sign on the door.)

WILLA AMBROSE: I don't know anything more than I've already told the police. I have nothing to say.

MULDER: Is this where you keep Sophie?

WILLA AMBROSE: Sophie is ill.

MULDER: You think we could meet her? We're not here to try to take her away from you.

(She opens the door.)

(Sophie is sitting in her cage, moaning.)

WILLA AMBROSE: About six weeks ago I had to take Sophie out of her public habitat. She'd become so withdrawn and depressed, she'd curl into a ball in the corner of her cage and just shiver.

MULDER: Did you ask her why?

WILLA AMBROSE: All the time.

MULDER: What'd she say?

WILLA AMBROSE: "Light afraid." Literally, she's afraid of the light.

SCULLY: She speaks to you?

WILLA AMBROSE: Over 600 words using American sign language. She understands over a thousand. I'll show you her vocabulary list.

(She steps over to her desk.)

SCULLY: Is this who you wanted to speak to, Mulder?

MULDER: It's basic investigative procedure, Agent Scully - interview all possible witnesses.

(Willa returns and hands both of them a piece of paper.)

WILLA AMBROSE: Gorillas are highly sensitive creatures, and Sophie's use of language skills makes her even more so.

SCULLY: Why would she be afraid of the light?

WILLA AMBROSE: Well, you've obviously heard about the trouble with the Malawi government. There's a chance that Sophie could be taken away from me, and I think that she knows that.

(Mulder has been looking at some "drawings" on the wall.)

MULDER: Are these Sophie's?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yes.

MULDER: What do you think they mean?

WILLA AMBROSE: Well, until recently Sophie desperately wanted a baby. The brown object in the center (points to one of the drawings) is her expression of that.

MULDER: Have you tried to mate her?

WILLA AMBROSE: We were looking for a partner but under these stressful conditions I didn't want to put her through it.

MULDER: Do you have a veterinary facility here?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yeah.

MULDER: All right, this may seem like a rather strange request but it might help explain what's been going on here. I'm gonna need your help on this, too, Scully.

(Mulder and Scully are standing on a scaffold, while Willa works below, exposing Ganesha's chest cavity. Scully is wearing gloves and coveralls and a flashlight on her head.)

SCULLY: I hope you know what you're getting us into, Mulder.

MULDER: I'm pretty sure of what we're gonna find.

SCULLY: This isn't exactly in my job description.

MULDER: And the next thing you know, they'll be doing it on MTV Sports.

WILLA AMBROSE: (from below) Okay. The elephant's cavity is clear. I'm ready for you.

(Scully climbs down the scaffold to join her.)

WILLA AMBROSE: The knife's right down there.

SCULLY: Okay.

MULDER: I've been told there's never been a successful pregnancy at the Fairfield Zoo.

WILLA AMBROSE: Sounds like you've been talking to Kyle Lang.

(Scully takes the knife and kneels down, out of sight. Various squishing noises are heard.)

MULDER: Well, is it true?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yes. But I don't think for the reasons Kyle claims - not because Ed Meecham has done anything to these animals.

MULDER: Why then?

WILLA AMBROSE: Because bringing a pregnancy to term in captivity is always difficult.

MULDER: But a perfect failure rate?

WILLA AMBROSE: I know. It's one of the things I was determined to change when I came to the zoo.

MULDER: Was an attempt ever made to mate Ganesha?

WILLA AMBROSE: No. Mating an elephant out of the wild is rarely successful. There have only been six elephants born in captivity over the last ten years.

(Scully re-appears with a large piece of elephant tissue that she hands to Willa.)

WILLA AMBROSE: Here's the uterine tissue, but I'm still not clear on what you expect to find.

(Scully is now examining the uterine tissue with a magnifier.)

SCULLY: You're right, Mulder. The signs in the uterus and ovaries are unmistakable.

WILLA AMBROSE: So what did you find?

SCULLY: This animal had been pregnant.

WILLA AMBROSE: What are you talking about?

SCULLY: There's evidence of hyperplasia and the corpus luteum is ruptured.

WILLA AMBROSE: That's not possible.

MULDER: Neither is an invisible elephant.

WILLA AMBROSE: What is going on here?

MULDER: Whatever it is it's been going on for some time, and I think you'll find evidence of the same thing when your tiger returns.




SCENE 7
BLAKE TOWERS CONSTRUCTION SITE, DOWNTOWN BOISE
(Two workmen are carrying a large piece of wood over their shoulders.)

WORKER 1: I still can't believe you bet on the Chargers.

(There is a loud thump in the background. The other worker stops.)

WORKER 2: You hear that?

WORKER 1: Hear what?

(There is a second sound, much closer and sounding more like a roar. The two men look to their right, wide-eyed.)

(Some time later, police and emergency vehicles surround the building. A van pulls up, and Ed Meecham gets out with a rifle.)

ED MEECHAM: Where's the tiger?

POLICEMAN: Somewhere inside the construction site. He's got two men trapped in there.

(Willa, Mulder and Scully approach.)

WILLA AMBROSE: Put the gun away, Ed.

ED MEECHAM: You want to be responsible for another death, Miss Ambrose?

WILLA AMBROSE: I think we can capture this cat without any harm to anyone.

ED MEECHAM: This is no time for wishful thinking.

WILLA AMBROSE: I'm ordering you, Ed.

ED MEECHAM: (with sarcasm) Yes, ma'am. Lead the way.

WILLA AMBROSE: Thank you.

(Willa steps past him. She moves through the construction site, loading a tranquilizer into a gun. Mulder and Scully follow some distance back.)

SCULLY: How'd the tiger get all the way across town without being spotted?

MULDER: I don't know, but we better find it before Meecham does.

(Meecham stands nearby, still carrying his gun.)

(The tiger moves through the building. The two workmen are on a grating just above the animal. Willa Ambrose moves into the same area. The workmen call to her from above.)

WORKER 1: (whispers) Hey! Shhh! It was just here.

(Willa moves slowly through the area. The tiger watches from the shadows, then makes a run at her. Willa hears the tiger roar at the last moment and turns, her hands up. A shot is fired. Mulder and Scully hear the shot and run toward it, finding Meecham lowering his weapon. The tiger is dead at Willa's feet.)

ED MEECHAM: It's all right, Willa. They don't all talk and draw pictures.




SCENE 8
(A sign on the entrance to the zoo reads "Zoo Closed to the Public Until Further Notice." Inside, in a room looking out into the zoo's aquarium, a board meeting is concluding.)

BOARD MEMBER: This last incident has left the Board with no choice but to withdraw all funding.

WILLA AMBROSE: Well, if that's your decision, there's nothing else I can say.

BOARD MEMBER: I'm sorry.

(The board members leave. Willa is near tears, a combination of sorrow and frustration, as Mulder enters and closes the door behind him.)

WILLA AMBROSE: I'm out of a job. They've cut off all funding. The animals are being shipped out to other zoos starting Monday.

MULDER: I'm sorry.

WILLA AMBROSE: It could not have happened at a worse time.

MULDER: You mean for Sophie?

WILLA AMBROSE: What I had going for me was my position here. Having a place for her. Have the results come in on the tiger?

MULDER: Agent Scully just finished the test. The tiger had been pregnant too.

WILLA AMBROSE: It's impossible. Theres no chance those animals could get pregnant. No way.

MULDER: What if they've been artificially inseminated?

WILLA AMBROSE: That's an extremely fine and complex process. I would have known.

MULDER: Unless it was done somewhere else.

WILLA AMBROSE: Where?

MULDER: What do you know about alien abduction?

WILLA AMBROSE: (laughs in disbelief) You're ... you're ... you're kidding me. (Mulder stares at her with no response) You think these animals were taken aboard some space ship?

MULDER: I don't know where they're being taken but there's obviously some problem getting them back. Due to what is probably an astrological variation, a trouble with the time-space continuum - these animals that are being taken from locked cages are being returned roughly two miles westsouthwest of the zoo.

WILLA AMBROSE: Aliens impregnating zoo animals?

MULDER: Yes, and harvesting the embryos.

WILLA AMBROSE: Why?

MULDER: Maybe their own Noah's ark? To preserve the DNA of these animals that we're depleting to extinction. Whatever it is, that's probably the reason why you've never had a successful birth at this facility.

WILLA AMBROSE: I think that's the most ridiculous thing I've heard.

MULDER: I understand that you might think it's ridiculous. Maybe you should ask Sophie.

WILLA AMBROSE: You think this is what she's so afraid of?

MULDER: I believe she's pregnant, and she's afraid of them coming for her baby.

(Mulder and Willa are standing at the door of Sophie's cage.)

WILLA AMBROSE: (signing to her) Sophie, come here. I want to ask you a question. It's okay, Sophie. Come here.

(Sophie makes a motion with her arms.)

MULDER: What'd she say?

WILLA AMBROSE: She says, "man, woman - hurt." She thinks you or your partner are going to hurt her or me. Sophie ... (signs again) ... man, woman are here to help you. They want to know about Sophie's baby.

(Sophie moans and seems uneasy.)

MULDER: Can I ask her a question?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yeah.

MULDER: Will you ask her if she wants to leave here?

WILLA AMBROSE: (signing) Sophie - do you want to leave here?

(Sophie motions with her arms again.)

WILLA AMBROSE: She says "light afraid." (signs again) Sophie, what are you afraid of? Tell me.

(Sophie motions again.)

MULDER: What did she say?

WILLA AMBROSE: She said, "baby go flying light."

(Scully knocks and enters.)

SCULLY: I just finished up in the infirmary. A sheriff's deputy came looking to serve you papers. I think it's about Sophie.

WILLA AMBROSE: What am I going to do?

MULDER: Whatever you do, you can't leave Sophie here. Not if you want to protect her.

WILLA AMBROSE: I have nowhere else to take her.

DEPUTY: (knocks, then enters) Excuse me. Willa Ambrose?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yes.

DEPUTY: I'm serving you with a court order to release a gorilla named Sophie into protective custody.

(Willa takes the order from the deputy.)

(A vehicle pulls up in front of a downtown building. Kyle Lang is typing a report at his desk. Willa Ambrose appears in front of him.)

KYLE LANG: What are you doing here?

WILLA AMBROSE: I've come to ask for your help, Kyle.

KYLE LANG: Help with what?

WILLA AMBROSE: Sophie. They've taken her into protective custody.

KYLE LANG: Let her go, Willa.

WILLA AMBROSE: They're putting her in an iron cage as we speak - without bars, without windows. It'll kill her.

KYLE LANG: Sophie's been behind bars her entire life. Let her go home, Willa. She'll have the freedom she deserves.

WILLA AMBROSE: (angrily) Freedom to what - be killed by poachers and have her hands cut off as souvenirs?

KYLE LANG: They've promised she'll be in a preserve.

WILLA AMBROSE: She's mine, Kyle! I won't let her go! (pleading) Please, come on. We can find a place for her here - a private reserve. You know people.

KYLE LANG: (shaking his head) That's against everything I stand for.

WILLA AMBROSE: She's pregnant.

KYLE LANG: What?

WILLA AMBROSE: Sophie's pregnant.

KYLE LANG: I don't believe you, Willa.

WILLA AMBROSE: It's true.

KYLE LANG: Well what if she was? Is the baby gonna live out its life behind bars, too? Look, Willa, she doesn't belong to you. She's not your child. She belongs with other gorillas, not selling tickets for a zoo.

WILLA AMBROSE: You won't help me?

KYLE LANG: No.

(She leaves.)

(Ed Meecham is driving a forktruck, carrying a large metal cage. He sets it down. Mulder watches from a short distance. Scully approaches him.)

SCULLY: You want to see something interesting?

(She hands him a newspaper clipping.)

MULDER: Where did you get this?

(The clipping shows a younger Willa Ambrose and Kyle Lang, standing with his arm around her shoulder. The headline below reads "Naturalists Willa Ambrose and Kyle Lang will bring the animal back to the U.S.")

SCULLY: I was looking for a pen to finish my report in Willa's office, and it was in her drawer.

MULDER: It's a small world, after all.

(They look up to see Willa approaching the large steel cage. Sophie starts banging on the cage and moaning loudly, and Willa rushes to the front of the cage and signs to Sophie.)

WILLA AMBROSE: It's okay, Sophie. It's okay, honey. Sophie, Sophie, Sophie - don't worry. I'm with you.

(Sophie calms down. Mulder and Scully look on, then step away. Willa is fighting back tears as Sophie nuzzles her hands through a hole in the door of the cage.)

WILLA AMBROSE: I love you too.

(At night, a truck pulls up in front of the main zoo entrance and Kyle Lang gets out. Kyle steps into Willa's office.)

KYLE LANG: Willa?

(No one is there. He walks through the zoo building and opens the door marked "Maintenance Entrance.")

KYLE LANG: Willa? Are you there?

(No answer. He walks into the darkened area, passing cages of animals.)

KYLE LANG: Willa? Where are you? Willa?

(He steps to Sophie's cage and looks in but it is empty. He is suddenly thrown across the room and into another cage. He looks up to see a large metal cage falling onto him. He screams.)




SCENE 9
(Willa is being questioned by Scully and Mulder in her office.)

WILLA AMBROSE: I told you, it happened exactly the way it did with the tiger. I heard the animals going crazy. I got out of bed to check on Sophie and she was gone. That's when I found Kyle.

SCULLY: Do you have any idea what he would have been doing at the zoo?

WILLA AMBROSE: No.

SCULLY: We have a witness who says that you visited Kyle's office yesterday. Is that true?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yeah.

SCULLY: For what purpose?

WILLA AMBROSE: Basically, to tell him he'd won. That the zoo was being shut down, that Sophie was being taken into protective custody.

SCULLY: Did you ask him to help you take Sophie to prevent her from being taken from you?

WILLA AMBROSE: No. That would be against everything Kyle believed in.

SCULLY: But he helped you to rescue her originally, isn't that correct? He had a connection to you and to this animal that went back several years.

WILLA AMBROSE: Whatever connection he and I had was over long ago.

SCULLY: But you asked him anyway ... to help you.

WILLA AMBROSE: No.

SCULLY: Then what was he doing here last night, and why did he give you this note?

(She hands her a small piece of paper. On it is written "Willa - Let's talk. Kyle.")

WILLA AMBROSE: I don't know. I told you.

SCULLY: Did he make a habit of visiting the zoo?

WILLA AMBROSE: If he did, it was probably late at night after he jumped over the fence like a good W.A.O. soldier. Anyway, why don't you ask Agent Mulder what he thinks happened? He seems to have a novel theory. Maybe it was alien abduction.

MULDER: Scully, can I talk to you for a second?

(They step outside.)

SCULLY: You think she's telling the truth?

MULDER: Why do you say that?

SCULLY: Well, Kyle Lang's death and the disappearance of the animal match the previous incidents.

MULDER: Yes.

SCULLY: And you've been pushing this alien abduction angle.

MULDER: I still am, but in this case, Willa's reactions are all wrong.

SCULLY: You mean to losing Sophie?

MULDER: I think she knows where Sophie is, and Kyle Lang died because he knows what she's capable of.

SCULLY: You think she killed him?

MULDER: I think she'd do anything to protect that animal.

SCULLY: Even wait atop a stack of crates for a former lover to walk underneath?

MULDER: I think an examination of the body will give us a lot clearer picture of what happened last night. You do that, and I'll check out the warehouse.

(Mulder walks through the warehouse, examining Sophie's cage and seeing some straw just outside the door to it. He hears a noise and steps over to see Ed Meecham closing an electric door at the loading dock. Outside, it looks to be late afternoon.)

(It is now dark, and Ed Meecham backs his truck up to another loading dock. He gets out, carrying a gun, and enters the building. Mulder watches from his car, then gets out.)

(In her office, Willa is packing up her belongings, including a picture of Sophie and her. Scully enters.)

SCULLY: Looks like you're in a hurry.

WILLA AMBROSE: Well, there isn't much to hang around for, is there?

SCULLY: I'm afraid there is. I found evidence that Kyle died a wrongful death. He was hit with a cattle prod. There's gonna be an investigation so I have to read you your rights.

WILLA AMBROSE: It was an accident. Kyle surprised Ed. He wasn't supposed to be there.

SCULLY: Ed Meecham took Sophie?

WILLA AMBROSE: Yes. (near tears) There was no one else to turn to.

SCULLY: Where is she, Willa?

WILLA AMBROSE: Ed has her. She's in some building on the road to Boise.

(Ed Meecham walks through the other building, carrying a flashlight in one hand and the gun in the other. Mulder steps in front of him, gun raised.)

MULDER: Put it down, Ed. There's been enough violence, don't you think?

ED MEECHAM: I didn't kill Kyle Lang.

MULDER: Put down the gun and we'll talk about it.

ED MEECHAM: (putting down the gun) I was only doing what she paid me to do.

MULDER: (picks up the gun) Where is the animal, Ed?

ED MEECHAM: Down the hall.

MULDER: Okay. You show me where - we're gonna go there together. Come on.

(They walk through the building, Mulder following with his gun on Meecham. They approach a storage room, and there are loud roars and banging noises coming from it.)

MULDER: What's she doing?

ED MEECHAM: She's throwing herself against the door. She's gone crazy.

(Mulder steps to the door and looks through the reinforced glass at the top of it. Something hits the glass, startling him. He backs away.)

MULDER: She's scared.

ED MEECHAM: Yeah? Well, she's gonna kill herself.

MULDER: Okay, Ed. Well, you're going to have to save her. Take your tranquilizer gun. I'll be right behind you.

(He hands Ed the gun and takes his flashlight. Ed opens the door.)

ED MEECHAM: I've only got one dart in this thing, so you got to get her out in the light.

(Mulder points the flashlight around in the room.)

MULDER: You see her?

ED MEECHAM: I think she's over in that corner over there.

(Sophie suddenly comes out of the shadows, knocking Mulder down. Meecham ducks out of the room, locking the door behind him.)

MULDER: Hey, Meecham!

(Meecham disappears, leaving Mulder in the room with Sophie.)

MULDER: I'm not gonna hurt you.

(Sophie moves toward Mulder, striking him again. She then moves away and sits accross the room. Dazed, Mulder watches as she motions with her arms. Then there is a blinding light as Mulder loses consciousness.)

(Some time later, Scully is unlocking the door to the room. Mulder lies on the floor, alone in the room. A policeman is with Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder? Mulder?

(She sees him and rushes to his side. He is bleeding from a cut on the top of his head. Scully touches his head and he awakens, moaning loudly.)

SCULLY: Sorry. Lie still.

MULDER: Where's Sophie?

SCULLY: Lie down. (to policeman) Can we get a paramedic in here?

POLICEMAN: Yes, ma'am.

MULDER: Meecham.

SCULLY: Ed Meecham's been arrested. We picked him up on the way to Boise. That's how we found you here.

MULDER: They took Sophie.

SCULLY: Who did?

MULDER: Where's Willa?

SCULLY: She's outside. She's going in to make a statement about Kyle Lang.

MULDER: I got to talk to her.

(He gets up and hurries out of the room. Scully picks up his gun and follows. Mulder runs outside, where it is early morning and foggy. Willa gets out of the back seat of a police car as she sees Mulder approaching.)

WILLA AMBROSE: Where is she?

MULDER: She's gone.

WILLA AMBROSE: What did he do to her?

MULDER: It wasn't Ed. She tried to tell me something.

(He motions with his arms, like the ones Sophie made earlier.)

MULDER: What is that?

WILLA AMBROSE: That doesn't make any sense.

MULDER: What does it mean?

"Man save man."

(A report is heard from the police radio.)

DISPATCHER'S VOICE: (on radio) We've just received a report of a large animal spotted down off the interstate just west of the service road off ...

MULDER: That's her.

WILLA AMBROSE: She's heading back towards the zoo.

(They quickly get into the car.)

(Later, their car approaches the site. There are several cars and police vehicles there, along with a number of bystanders. They get out of the car.)

WILLA AMBROSE: (to an officer) Where is she?

OFFICER: (pointing) Over there.

(Willa runs in that direction.)

SCULLY: (to officer) What happened here?

OFFICER: Animal got hit by a car. Ran off in the field.

(Mulder and Scully run after Willa, crossing a field. Willa comes to Sophie, who is lying dead. She throws herself to Sophie's side, crying.)

WILLA AMBROSE: Oh, no. Oh, no, no. Sophie! Sophie! Oh, no, no.

(She puts her head down on Sophie as Mulder and Scully watch.)

(Mulder and Scully drive away from the area. Both stare straight ahead somberly.)

MULDER: (voiceover) Willa Ambrose and Ed Meecham have been charged with manslaughter for the death of Kyle Lang. And though the courts will rule on this matter, and justice will be no doubt be served, the pall of a greater tragedy remains. The motives of the silent visitors who set these events in motion remain unclear. Could this be a judgement on a global rate of extinction that has risen to 1000 times its natural rate in this century? An act of alien conservation of animals we are driving hard toward oblivion? And if so, might it follow that our own fate and existence could finally be dependent upon the conservatorship of an extraterrestrial race? Or in the simple words of a creature whose own future is uncertain, will "man save man?"

(As they drive, they pass a church with a sign in front on which is written "Man has no pre-eminence above a beast: for all is vanity. Eccl 3:19.")

[THE END]


SCENE 1
NORWEGIAN SEA, 65 DEGREES LATITUE,
8 DEGREES EAST LONGITUDE
(A lifeboat marked '925' hits the water and there are sounds of men preparing to abandon a ship. As some men climb down to the lifeboat, the captain confronts his lieutenant on deck. The captain appears to be in his mid-thirties, the lieutenant a few years younger.)

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: This is mutiny!

LT. HARPER: No, sir. It's survival.

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: They'll come for us! They're sending help!

LT. HARPER: By the time they get here, it'll be too late. It may already be too late.

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: Don't do this! (the captain raises a gun at the lieutenant) That's an order!

SAILOR: (from the lifeboat) Lieutenant Harper?

LT. HARPER: Shoot me if you want, Captain Barclay, but I'm not waiting around so I can wind up like the others.

(The lieutenant climbs over the rail and down to the lifeboat. The captain lowers his weapon.)

SAILOR: Cast off!




SCENE 2
18 HOURS LATER
(On board the Lisette, the captain and his first mate are playing blackjack on the bridge.)

LISETTE CAPTAIN: Hit me.

(The radar blips. They check the radar screen and see the echo of a boat straight ahead.)

LISETTE FIRST MATE: It looks like she's just drifting out there.

LISETTE CAPTAIN: Mmmm ... we're heading straight for her. (to radio) This is the Lisette, Canadian fishing vessel CV233, please identify. (no response) This is the Lisette, come in please. (still no response) (to first mate) Cut the engines and meet me up on deck.

(On deck, they search the night with a spotlight. They see a lifeboat ahead, marked '925'.)

VOICE FROM LIFEBOAT: Hello out there. Hey!

LISETTE CAPTAIN: We're throwing you a line. Grab it and we'll pull you in.

(They throw out a line, and someone in the boat catches it and anchors it to the boat. As the captain and mate pull them in, they scan the crew with the spotlight.)

LISETTE CAPTAIN: Is everybody all right? Are there any injured?

(They see a group of men, all of whom appear to be extremely old. The man in front, wearing a lieutenant's pin on his lapel, appears to be Lt. Harper.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 3
BETHESDA NAVAL HOSPITAL, BETHESDA, MARYLAND
(Scully gets off an elevator and meets Mulder.)

MULDER: Scully. Thanks for coming.

SCULLY: What was so urgent that you couldn't tell me over the phone?

MULDER: I didn't want to waste any time. A Navy destroyer escort, the USS Ardent, has been missing in the North Atlantic for the past 42 hours.

SCULLY: Missing?

MULDER: Yeah, there's been no radio contact, no distress signals picked up. Search planes and satellites haven't picked up anything either.

SCULLY: You're saying that a ship and its entire crew just vanished?

MULDER: Well, that's what it looked like until last night. A Canadian trawler picked up 18 survivors.

SCULLY: Well, they must have reported what happened.

MULDER: Only one of those survivors is still alive. He's been taken into the ICU under heavy security.

SCULLY: What's wrong with him?

MULDER: That's what I was hoping you could tell me. (they see a soldier guarding a door at the end of the hall) They won't let me in to see him, but because of your medical background, I was able to get you a clearance code. I want your opinion on this. His name is Harper, Lt. Richard Harper.

SCULLY: Mulder, wh ...?

MULDER: Meet me back in my office when you're finished. Thank you. (he leaves)

(In the hospital room, an extremely old looking man is on a respirator and is being attended to by a nurse. Scully reads the patient's chart.)

SCULLY: Excuse me. Is this Lt. Richard Harper?

NURSE: That's what his wristband says.

SCULLY: And he's been positively identified?

NURSE: All military personnel are fingerprinted. Those records were crosschecked at the time of admittance.

SCULLY: Well, then I think there's been some kind of a mistake here. According to this report, Lt. Harper is 28 years old. (the nurse says nothing and walks away) Why hasn't a systemic workup been ordered on this patient?

(A doctor enters the room behind Scully.)

DR. LASKOS: I wasn't aware that my diagnostic decisions required your approval. I'm the physician in charge of this patient. Let me see your clearance.

(Scully hands her badge to the doctor, who looks it over.)

SCULLY: Can you tell me what's going on here? How can you explain what happened to this man?

DR. LASKOS: This clearance code is invalid. Where'd you get this? Who are you?

SCULLY: I am a medical doctor and I would like to see the autopsy reports on the remaining victims.

DR. LASKOS: I haven't got time for this. Give me my patient's chart and leave before I have you removed.

(Scully hesitates a moment, then returns the chart and exits the room.)




SCENE 4
MULDER'S OFFICE
(Mulder is examining some photos as Scully enters.)

SCULLY: Something very strange is going on here, Mulder.

MULDER: Did they let you in to see Lt. Harper?

SCULLY: Yeah, I saw somebody, but whether it was actually the Lieutenant ...

MULDER: What do you mean?

SCULLY: He looked about 90 years old. Off by about half a century. You don't seem too surprised.

MULDER: I want to show you something, Scully. (he takes her to map on the bulletin board with a number of locations marked by pins) This was the course of the USS Ardent when she disappeared. Now, I've been tracking the points of departure and destination for each of these X-files. On December 12, 1949, a Royal Navy battleship disappeared between Leeds and Cape Perry. The sea was calm, the weather sunny. In 1963, at the height of the Cuban missile crisis, a fleet of Soviet minesweepers left from here for Havana. All 6 vessels vanished without a trace. All in all, I've counted 9 unexplained disappearances. Each of them passed through here - the 65th parallel.

(He points to a circled area on the map in the Norwegian Sea where all the ships' courses intersect.)

SCULLY: Another Bermuda Triangle?

MULDER: It's more like a wrinkle in time, if Lt. Harper is any indication.

SCULLY: (frowning) A wrinkle in time? Wh ...

MULDER: You know anything about the Philadelphia Experiment?

SCULLY: It was a, uh, a program during World War II to render battleships invisible to radar. But then the Manhattan Project heated up, and it was discontinued and most of the scientists were relocated to Los Alamos.

MULDER: Except none of those scientists ever made it to Los Alamos.

SCULLY: Where were they sent?

MULDER: Roswell, New Mexico.

SCULLY: Are you suggesting that the Philadelphia Experiment used alien technology?

MULDER: Less than nine months after the alleged crash of a UFO in Roswell, New Mexico, the USS Eldridge did more than just hide from radar screens, it disappeared altogether from the Philadelphia Navy Yard only to reappear minutes later, hundreds of miles away, in Norfolk Virginia.

SCULLY: That's not possible, Mulder, not without defying all laws of, of time and space.

MULDER: Those physicists may have been trying to manipulate wormholes on Earth.

SCULLY: Wormholes?

MULDER: Actual portals where matter interfaces with time at a relatively decelerated or accelerated rate. I'm betting that the military never stopped the work it began 50 years ago.

SCULLY: And that's what you think happened to Lt. Harper?

MULDER: I'll find out soon enough. I'M BOOKED ON AN 8:30 flight to Norway.

SCULLY: Have you let Skinner in on this?

MULDER: I'm giving myself a 24-hour head start before I give Skinner my report. I want this one myself.

SCULLY: (looking back at the map) I'm going with you. If that really was Lt. Harper, I want to know what happened to him.




SCENE 5
PORT OF TILDESKAN, NORWAY
(Mulder and Scully are talking to a captain at a crowded sailors' bar. The sailor points to an area of a map and speaks Norwegian, apparently saying "no" as he walks away.)

NORWEGIAN SKIPPER/SAILOR: Nei! Nei! Det er altfor farlig [No! No! It's way too dangerous]

MULDER: 0 for 5.

SCULLY: What is it, Mulder? Why are they so afraid? My father spent the better part of his life at sea. He had a healthy respect for the ocean, but he never feared it. I see fear in these men's eyes.

(A man at a nearby table speaks up and approaches them.)

TRONDHEIM: Brooklyn couldn't have taken you up there anyway. Your ship has to be classified ice class before it can even go past the Lofoten Basin. My name is Trondheim - Henry Trondheim. The ship you want is the Zehar, a 50-ton trawler with a double hull. It's my ship.

SCULLY: You're American.

TRONDHEIM: I was born and raised in Pensacola. I ran a charter business there. I got fed up with tourists.

MULDER: How do you feel about the sea north of Beerenburg?

TRONDHEIM: This time of year, it'll be 10 hours minimum, each way.

MULDER: So you've been there?

TRONDHEIM: A few times. A few times I got some of my best hauls out of there.

SCULLY: Why is everyone else so afraid to go there?

TRONDHEIM: Well, legends. They grew up on stories.

SCULLY: What stories?

TRONDHEIM: A huge stone came out of the sky and crashed into the pack ice.

SCULLY: A meteorite?

TRONDHEIM: An evil god. They worship it by staying away. So ... exactly what is it that you're looking for up there?

MULDER: A number of things. How good are you?

TRONDHEIM: About as good as you're going to get, considering no one else will take you there.

MULDER: When can we leave?

TRONDHEIM: As soon as we shake on a price.

(Mulder nods.)

(Later, they are en route on board the Zehar. It is dark and there is a thick fog. The radar blips and Trondheim checks it, while his mate, Halverson, looks with binoculars. Scully stands beside Trondheim, while Mulder, looking queasy, emerges from the lavatory. Scully approaches him.)

SCULLY: Feeling any better?

MULDER: Uhhh ... You're lucky you inherited your father's legs.

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: His sea legs.

SCULLY: (smiling) Oh.

MULDER: (to Trondheim) It's been about 12 hours. You said it was only gonna take 10. What's going on?

TRONDHEIM: I told you before, the visibility is lousy. I've never seen it this thick.

MULDER: How much longer 'til we get there?

TRONDHEIM: Well, we're right where you want to be. I even think we've got what you're looking for. Except one minute it's right in front of us and the next minute it's not. Like something's messing with my radar ... and my navigation system. I can't explain it.

(The radar screen shows an echo fading in and out, while his instruments show his bearing fluctuating widely. Halverson sees the outline of a ship emerging in the fog, straight ahead.)

HALVERSON: Captain! Pass p! [Look out!]

(Trondheim throws the ship into reverse but the ship ahead gets closer and closer.)

TRONDHEIM: We're gonna hit!

(They collide, and all four are thrown forward.)

TRONDHEIM: Halverson! Check the hull for damage!

(The four have now moved their gear onto the deck of the Ardent.)

TRONDHEIM: I don't get it. This is what you're looking for?

MULDER: The USS Ardent. It's a destroyer escort.

TRONDHEIM: All right ... what do you want with it, anyway? It's a ghost ship. I mean, look at all this corrosion. No one's been aboard this vessel in 20, 30 years.

(Mulder finds the ship's nameplate, which says "U.S.S. Ardent, 1991". The nameplate is heavily corroded and barely readable.)

MULDER: Scully. (she comes over and looks) Let's check the crew quarters first.

(They go below into the crews quarters. They find a number of bodies, all of which look extemely old and are heavily crusted with a white residue.)

SCULLY: Mulder. They almost look mummified.

MULDER: Like they've been dead a very long time.

SCULLY: Except for this strange residue.

(She reaches with a knife to scrape some of the white residue off a dead man's hand, but when she touches it, the hand breaks off. They hear an engine starting.)

SCULLY: What was that?

MULDER: An engine.

TRONDHEIM: My ship!

(They hurry back on deck and see the Zehar pulling away from the Ardent.)

TRONDHEIM: No! That's my ship!

MULDER: Hey!

TRONDHEIM: You're taking my ship!

MULDER: Hey!

TRONDHEIM: Hey! (very upset, he grabs Mulder by the lapel) That's my ship!

(Halverson grabs Trondheim's shoulder.)

HALVERSON: Ta det med ro! [Take it easy!]

Trondheim releases Mulder as the Zehar fades away into the fog and darkness.)




SCENE 6
(Mulder and Scully are on the bridge of the Ardent. Mulder is working on the radio from below while Scully tries it out.)

SCULLY: Nope.

MULDER: All right. (he makes an adjustment) Try it again.

SCULLY: No. What is it?

MULDER: It's caked with the same residue that's covering everything.

SCULLY: So we can't even send a distress signal.

(Mulder stands as Trondheim comes up from below.)

TRONDHEIM: The engine's so corroded down there you can't even ... you can't even tell what it is. I've never seen anything like it. Halverson's trying to salvage some parts, but basically what we are is dead in the water.

SCULLY: Well, the radio's dead too.

TRONDHEIM: Somebody's not telling me what's going on here. (neither Scully nor Mulder respond) Now look, that ship wasn't just my livelihood, that was my life. I have a right to some straight answers.

MULDER: What we're seeing here may be the result of some kind of military experiment.

TRONDHEIM: Military experiment?

MULDER: An artifical time band, where matter moves through time at an accelerated rate.

TRONDHEIM: Tell me in English.

MULDER: Time may be speeding up.

TRONDHEIM: Right. That's almost as crazy as Halverson's "there's a rock that comes down from the sky ...".

MULDER: The ship ... the ship was launched in 1991. I don't know how else to explain the extent of the corrosion or the decay of the bodies down below.

TRONDHEIM: (to Scully) You're not buying any of this, are you?

(Before Scully can respond, they hear a yell. The three quickly go down to investigate and they hear a door creaking. Weapons raised, Mulder and Scully move back in the ship. Scully finds Halverson, dead, lying on the deck with blood coming from a wound in his head. She kneels to check him as Mulder and Trondheim catch up.)

MULDER: What happened?

SCULLY: His skull's been fractured.

TRONDHEIM: Who was that? Halverson!

(They hear another noise from farther back in the ship. Mulder and Scully investigate, while Trondheim kneels over Halverson's body. In the ship's galley, Mulder hears a noise and approaches the door to a small compartment. When he opens it, he finds a very old looking man cowering and clutching a bottle of whiskey.)

MULDER: Who are you?

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: Captain Barclay. Commanding officer, USS Ardent.

(Later, Mulder gives Barclay a glass of water drawn from a faucet.)

MULDER: Here you go.

(Barclay drinks, shakily holding the glass with both hands.)

SCULLY: Captain Barclay, um, according to your log, shortly after the navigation system failed, several of your crew members saw something in the sea - a growing light.

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: It, it came up through the fog, in the middle of the night. Like it was on fire.

SCULLY: Do you have any idea what it might have been?

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: Power loss. Everything stopped. Everything. Even the sea. Even the wind. Then the ship, my ship, she began to bleed through the hull near the rivet seams.

HALVERSON: (laughing) He's a drunkard. He's a drunkard! And he killed Halverson. To hell with him, I don't have to listen to his lies!

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: I'm no liar. It happened, first to some of my men and then to all of them.

SCULLY: What happened?

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: Time got lost.

(Mulder and Scully exchange a glance as Barclay starts wheezing.)

SCULLY: It's OK, captain. You can take it easy. We're gonna do whatever we can to help you out.

CAPTAIN BARCLAY: What can you do? You can't do anything. I'm 35 years old.

(Mulder pulls Scully aside for a quiet, private conversation.)

MULDER: There's no way he killed Halverson.

SCULLY: Yeah, I'd have to agree with you. That blow that killed Halverson was delivered with considerable strength, and he can't even hold a glass with two hands.

MULDER: That means there's somebody else on board.

(Next morning, an emotional Trondheim prepares to bury Halverson's body at sea.)

TRONDHEIM: You were a good first mate. You left me alone, and you did your job. It's a shame this had to happen to you so young.

TRONDHEIM: God vei videre [Farewell/Goodbye, old buddy]

(After saying a few words in Norwegian, Trondheim then lets Halverson's shrouded body slip overboard. As Trondheim crosses himself, a man approaches and takes a swing at him with a pipe. He ducks under it, but the man then knocks Trondheim to the deck. As he raises the pipe for a third try, Mulder appears and draws his gun on him.)

MULDER: Put it down! Put down the pipe! Put it down!

(He complies. Trondheim gets to his feet and kicks the pipe away. He then grabs the man by the throat.)

TRONDHEIM: I could kill you for what you've done.

MULDER: Back off, Trondheim!

TRONDHEIM: He killed Halverson!

MULDER: He may be our only chance to figure out what happened. Look at him. Look at him! He hasn't aged. Back off!

(Trondheim releases him.)

TRONDHEIM: His name's Olafsson.

MULDER: You know him?

TRONDHEIM: Everybody in Gildeskal knows him. He's a pirate whaler. He's a wanted criminal. He supplies whales to the Japanese black market. Blues, belugas, sperms.

MULDER: Ask him how he got here.

(Trondheim asks Olafsson a question in Norwegian.)

TRONDHEIM: Hvordan kom du hit? [How did you get here?]

OLAFSSON: Dra til helvete [Go to hell!]

(Olafsson's terse reply prompts Trondheim to lunge at him again but Mulder stops him.)

MULDER: We'll question him later. I don't want to leave Scully alone, in case there are others.

(Olafsson, Trondheim and Mulder go back below and join Scully. Trondheim gives a terse command to Olafsson in Norwegian as he pushes him along.)

MULDER: I think we found who killed Halverson.

TRONDHEIM: He'd have killed me too, if it wasn't for Mulder.

SCULLY: The ship's log says something about four Norweigian sailors who were picked up when their vessel had sunk.

TRONDHEIM: I guarantee it was Olafsson's men, took my boat and left him stranded there. It's just like these dogs to slit each other's throats.

MULDER: Maybe we should ask the Captain some more questions.

SCULLY: Mulder, Captain Barclay is dead. I don't know how it happened, it was just in the last 15 minutes. It's just like those men below. It's more than rapid aging, Mulder. It's almost as if he's turning into a pillar of salt.

MULDER: Is that what this substance is?

SCULLY: Well, it appears to be crystalline, but beyond that ...?

MULDER: All right, we're all tired. Let's stow the captain's body and tie up Olafsson so we can all get some rest. I'll take first watch, in case he's not alone.

(Later, all are asleep except Mulder. His wristwatch timer goes off and he walks toward Scully, who is asleep with her head on a table.)

MULDER: Scully?

SCULLY: Mmmm. I just fell asleep.

MULDER: You want a few more minutes?

SCULLY: No. I'm up.

(As she lifts her head, we see that her face looks about 20 years older.)

MULDER: Scully ...

(She sees that Mulder is similarly affected.)

SCULLY: Mulder, what happened to you?




SCENE 7
(Trondheim is looking in a mirror. He is also showing signs of aging. Mulder and Scully are nearby.)

SCULLY: Time acceleration is an equation, Mulder, a theory.

MULDER: Then theoretically it's possible. What else could it be?

SCULLY: Well, whatever it is, it isn't a time warp. None of us has directly observed any of the phenomenon recorded in the ship's log. There is no hard evidence to indicate that this is a time warp.

MULDER: We're the evidence, Scully! Look at us! We're aging by the minute.

SCULLY: Well, if this is rapid aging phenomena, then why hasn't our hair greyed or started to fall out?

TRONDHEIM: (motioning toward Olafsson) Then what about him, huh? What about him? Why isn't he getting old?

(He directs some words at Olafsson.)

TRONDHEIM: Hvorfor blir du ikke gammel? [Why haven't you gotten older?]

MULDER: Relax, relax, Trondheim. Save your energy.

TRONDHEIM: (to Mulder) I don't have to listen to you. It's because of you that we got into this.

MULDER: Nobody twisted your arm.

TRONDHEIM: I signed on to bring you here. Not to die.

SCULLY: Mulder, what do you know about free radicals?

MULDER: Is this a quiz?

SCULLY: They are highly reactive chemicals containing extra electrons. Now, they can attack DNA proteins, they can cause our body tissue and cell membranes to oxidize.

MULDER: Grow old, you mean?

SCULLY: It's the prevailing theory on how our bodies age.

MULDER: So you think something is triggering that reaction in us?

SCULLY: This is just a theory. But what if this ship is drifting towards another massive metallic source, like a meteor. Maybe it's way down deep in the ocean or embedded into an iceberg. But the two could effectively be acting as positive and negative terminals with the ocean itself being a kind of giant battery. That level of electromagnetic energy could be exciting the free radicals and effectively oxidizing every piece of matter in its field.

(Trondheim notices several drops of red liquid falling onto the floor from above.)

MULDER: It makes sense, Scully. The organic equivalent to rust would be rapid premature senescence.

TRONDHEIM: What the hell?

(They look up and see that liquid is leaking from a flange in an overhead pipe.)

SCULLY: Captain Barclay said the ship was bleeding.

(Mulder rubs some of the liquid between his fingers.)

MULDER: It's not blood, Scully. It's rust. Trondheim, you keep an eye on Olafsson.

TRONDHEIM: Where are you going?

SCULLY: Mulder. Where are we going?

MULDER: I'm not sure yet, but we don't have much time to get there.

(Mulder and Scully walk back through the ship. Mulder is looking at the overhead pipes. All are darkly colored except for one yellow pipe.)

MULDER: See this yellow pipe? It's the only one that hasn't corroded through.

(As they follow the pipe, Trondheim and Olafsson are still in the dining order. They converse in Norwegian.)

OLAFSSON: Hei, Trondheim, komme her. Det er noe jeg vil fortelle deg. [Hey Trondheim, come here. There's something I want to tell you.]

TRONDHEIM: Det er ikke noe du kan fortelle meg som jeg er interesserte i. [There's nothing you can tell me that I want to know.]

OLAFSSON: Er du sikker? Hvor gikk de andre du, tror du? Og hvorfor tror du de etterlot deg? [Are you sure? Where do you think the other two went? And why do you think they left you behind?]

TRONDHEIM: Jeg vet hva du prver  gjre, Olafsson. [I know what you're trying to do, Olafsson.]

OLAFSSON: Hvis du ikke stoler p meg, s stole p de egne yne. Du s hva som hendte til kapteinen. Det tar bare et par timer. Men du behver ikke  d. [If you don't trust me, trust your own eyes. You saw what happened to the captain. It only takes a few hours. But you don't have to die.]

TRONDHEIM: Vi m alle d. [We all have to die.]

OLAFSSON: Ikke p denne mten. [Not like this.]

TRONDHEIM: (angrily) Hvorfor skulle jeg hre p deg? Du er en lgner og en morder. [Why should I listen to you? You're a murderer.]

OLAFSSON: Jeg bare drepte gutten for  overleve. Du ville gjre det samme. Du kan fremdeles gjre det. [I only killed the boy in order to survive. You'd have done the same. You still might.]

TRONDHEIM: OK, jeg hrer hva du sier. Fortell meg den store hemmeligheten. [OK, I'm listening. Tell me this big secret.]

OLAFSSON: Frst la meg g. [First, let me go.]

TRONDHEIM: Hvordan vet jeg at du forteller sannheten? [How do I know you're telling the truth?]

OLAFSSON: Se p meg, Trondheim. Og s, se p deg selv. [Look at me, Trondheim. Then take a look at yourself.]

(Mulder and Scully have followed the pipe to where it goes down through a hatch labeled "sewage processing hold". They open the hatch, descend some stairs and open a large door. Inside they find many rats as well as clothing and other signs that the area has been recently occupied.)

MULDER: Olafsson and his men.

SCULLY: Why would they hold up here?

(Mulder notices a slow drip from a faucet in a large tank in the room.)

MULDER: This is the only drinkable water on the ship. We were both wrong, Scully. It's the water. All the other water's been contaminated.

SCULLY: Contaminated how?

MULDER: Something must have gotten into the desalination tanks where all the ship's potable water is stored. But the water in the sewage system is recycled again and again. It doesn't come from the sea.

SCULLY: Well, if you're right, then Captain Barclay's drinking binge is what kept him alive.

MULDER: (banging on the tank) The water from this tank may do the same for us.

SCULLY: It doesn't sound like there's very much left.

(In another part of the ship, Olafsson sits motionless next to blood-stained pipes, apparently killed by Trondheim. Trondheim is using his hand to drink water out of the toilet.)




SCENE 8
(Back in the crew dining area, Mulder holds up the rope that was binding Olafsson and confronts Trondheim. Olafsson is nowhere to be seen.)

MULDER: What happened? You were supposed to watch him.

TRONDHEIM: I feel pretty bad about it. I shouldn't have dozed off. Well, what do you want me to say? He's gone, he got away.

MULDER: (angrily) I want to know what happened?

TRONDHEIM: I can ask the same of you. You're the one that tied him up.

MULDER: There's nothing wrong with my knot! This rope's been severed!

TRONDHEIM: I don't like being interrogated. I don't owe you any explanations.

(Trondheim starts to walk past Mulder, who grabs him by the shirt. Trondheim grabs Mulder as well, and they grapple briefly.)

SCULLY: Trondheim!

(Mulder draws his gun.)

MULDER: Let go of me.

SCULLY: Look, we have a lot of work to do here. I'm gonna need blood and urine samples from both of you.

TRONDHEIM: What for?

SCULLY: We found out what caused the aging.

TRONDHEIM: What is it now? The two of you are full of theories. First it's one thing, then it's another. By the time you figure out what it is, we'll all be dead.

MULDER: It's the water, Trondheim. Something got into the de-sal tanks, but the water in the sewage system is untainted.

SCULLY: It kept Olafsson alive this long, maybe it will slow the process in us.

TRONDHEIM: This is good news, isn't it? So what happens now?

(It is now daylight outside. Scully is writing in a journal.)

SCULLY: (voice-over) It has been 18 hours, 45 minutes since the onset of symptoms. Rudimentary blood tests have revealed impossibly high concentrations of sodium choloride - salt - though the contaminated water itself is not saline. It appears to catalyze existing body fluids, causing massive and rapid cellular damage. The untainted water has slowed the degenerative progression in Trondheim and me, but Mulder has fared less well, perhaps because of the dehydration he suffered on the way here.

(Mulder places a urine sample on the table. While Scully looks somewhat older than previously, Mulder is more considerably aged and has developed a twitch in his neck.)

MULDER: I think I just lapped George Burns.

SCULLY: I'll be right back.

(Scully takes the sample to a make-shift laboratory that she has set up across the room. Trondheim edges up behind her.)

SCULLY: If you've got something to say, say it but don't hover behind me like that.

TRONDHEIM: The water isn't helping him.

SCULLY: Then maybe we should double his rations.

TRONDHEIM: What for? A lake full of water isn't going to bring him back.

SCULLY: We don't know that for sure. Not yet.

TRONDHEIM: Look at him! We've wasted too much water on him as it is.

SCULLY: Who are you to decide?

TRONDHEIM: You don't have to be a doctor to see that he isn't gonna make it. But you and me, Scully ... you and me ... we better start looking out for ourselves.

(Mulder looks over his shoulder at Scully and Trondheim, but it is not clear whether he heard them. Scully has transferred the sample to a test tube and drops a reactant into it. The sample turns red.)

(Later, Scully writes in her journal as Mulder sleeps.)

SCULLY: (voice-over) Mulder's urinalysis continues to indicate his kidneys' failure to excrete the substance I'm calling "heavy salt". Whether the untainted water taken from the sewage system is even helping him at all is unclear. What does remain clear to me is that I can't give up trying.

(Across the room, Trondheim turns off a lantern to go to sleep.)

(Later, it is dark outside and Scully is leaning her head against a pipe and dozing. She awakens to see that Trondheim is no longer there. She hears a bump and the sound of water flowing. She grabs a flashlight and heads back to investigate. She hears a rumble and sees the water being pumped from the toilet, which has a yellow pipe behind it. She goes back into the sewage processing hold and opens the door, finding Trondheim at work inside.)

SCULLY: Trondheim! What are you doing?

TRONDHEIM: Listen to this. (he bangs the water tank with a wrench) You know what that is? It's a funeral bell. There's only a few gallons left, maybe less.

SCULLY: There's enough to keep us all alive for a few more days.

TRONDHEIM: Or one of us alive long enough to be rescued.

(He walks toward her. Scully draws her gun and cocks the hammer.)

SCULLY: Don't come any closer.

TRONDHEIM: What are you gonna do? Shoot me?

SCULLY: Trondheim, listen to me. The navy knows where we are. They know these coordinates and they're gonna be here soon. So why don't we just go back up into the mess hall ...

(He continues to approach her and she gives ground.)

TRONDHEIM: Why don't you just go ahead and shoot me if you think that I'm gonna let Mulder have another drop.

(He pushes her back out of the room and closes the door, wedging the wrench in the handle and locking himself in.)

SCULLY: Trondheim! Trondheim!

(Scully frantically goes through the crew's quarters and galley looking for other sources of water. She finds a snow globe in the quarters and a can of sardines in the galley. She carefully drains the liquid from the sardines into a glass. When she comes back to the dining area, Mulder is awake and reading her journal. He continues to look worse than her.)

MULDER: You're almost out of pages. It's good you kept a record.

SCULLY: Trondheim's locked himself in the sewage hold. He's backflushed all the water and he's keeping it for himself. I looked everywhere and this is all I could find. (she places a capped jar half full of yellowish liquid on the table) It's sardine juice, half a dozen lemons and uh, the water from a snow globe. (Mulder licks his lips) It's not Evian, but ...

MULDER: You go ahead and drink it.

SCULLY: No, Mulder!

MULDER: It's the only logical choice, Scully. You're a woman. Your life expectancy is greater, and your body retains more water in fatty tissues.

SCULLY: That's more reason for you to drink it.

MULDER: You have a much greater chance of surviving until help comes.

SCULLY: Don't do this, Mulder.

MULDER: Don't be so stubborn, Scully. You know I'm right.

SCULLY: Well, there isn't much liquid to make a difference anyway.

MULDER: There might be.

(He pushes the jar across the table toward her. Scully looks at him, then the jar, then downward for a moment.)

SCULLY: No.

(There is a metallic groaning sound and the ship suddenly shudders, knocking both Mulder and Scully to the floor. The jar vibrates along table. In the sewage hold, Trondheim is also knocked to the floor. In the dining area, Mulder and Scully get back to their seats.)

SCULLY: What was that?

MULDER: The outer hull must have finally corroded through, which means we're taking on water.

SCULLY: Mulder ... the water.

(The jar is broken on the floor. They look at one another as odd noises continue to be heard from the ship.)

(In the sewage hold, several pipes burst and spray water. Suddenly a bulkhead gives way and water starts pouring in. Trondheim removes the wrench and struggles to open the door, but it won't open.)

TRONDHEIM: Uhhh! Can't open the door! Help me! Help me! Help me!

(He continues to call and bang on the door as the hold fills. Then there is silence as he has drowned.)




SCENE 9
14 HOURS LATER
(Mulder, trembling badly, sits to the side as Scully writes in her journal.)

MULDER: I always thought when I got older I'd maybe take a cruise somewhere. This isn't exactly what I had in mind. The service on this ship is terrible, Scully. (she smiles) It's not fair. It's not our time. We still have work to do.

(Scully puts down her pen and turns toward him.)

SCULLY: Mulder ... When they found me, after the doctors and even my family had given up, I experienced something that I never told you about. Even now it's hard to find the words. But there's one thing I'm certain of. As certain as I am of this life, we have nothing to fear when it's over.

(Mulder has slumped over to his side.)

MULDER: I'm so tired.

SCULLY: You should sleep.

(She strokes his forehead.)

(Later, Scully writes in her journal.)

SCULLY: (voice-over) Agent Fox Mulder lost consciousness at approximately 4:30 this morning, the 12th of March. There is nothing more I can do for him, or for myself. Supplies are exhausted, no food or liquid consumed for over 24 hours. The outer hull most probably flooded, though for now the inner hull is supporting the ship's mass. Among Halverson's belongings, I found a children's book of Norse legends. From what I can tell, the pictures show the end of the world - not in a sudden firestorm of damnation as the Bible teaches us, but in a slow covering blanket of snow. First the moon and the stars will be lost in a dense white fog, then the rivers and the lakes and the sea will freeze over. And finally a wolf named Skoll will open his jaws and eat the sun, sending the world into an everlasting night. I think I hear the wolf at the door.

(Scully drops her pen and her eyes close.)

(Later, a rescuer boards the vessel and searches the decks below with a flashlight. In the dining area, he finds Mulder and Scully slumped over on opposite sides of a table, as well as her journal.)

(Much later, Dr. Laskos at Bethesda Naval Hospital is shining a light into Scully's eyes to check her response and trying to awaken her. She looks considerably better.)

DR. LASKOS: Agent Scully? Agent Scully, can you hear me?

SCULLY: (groggily) Mmmm. Yeah.

DR. LASKOS: It's been 36 hours since your rescue. I've got you on dialysis with a high-flux filter. You're obviously responding well. Your electrolytes are almost back to normal and your fluid status has been corrected.

(Scully opens her eyes, swallows and raises her head slightly but then it falls back on the pillow and she closes her eyes. As her mind clears, she raises her head again.)

SCULLY: Mulder? Where is he?

(She looks to her right and sees Mulder in the next bed, still unconscious but looking much better.)

DR. LASKOS: His endocrine system was considerably more compromised than yours. Frankly, we didn't think that he'd make it - until we discovered this. (she shows Scully's journal) Based on your observations, we're giving him a course of synthetic hormones, which seems to be working.

SCULLY: Whatever caused this is still out there. I have to talk to a naval liaison. We have to salvage the ship in order to study the salt ...

DR. LASKOS: Agent Scully, the ship was taking on water. It sank less than an hour after you were rescued.

(There is a closing view of the fog-covered North Atlantic.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
GIBSONTON, FL
(Two kids splash each other in the pool, laughing.)

YOUNGER GLAZEBROOK SON: Stop!

(They continue play-attacking as someone strange watches them from the trees. It's green eyes staring at them, he breathes heavily and makes his way through the trees. It's skin looks scaly. The boys do not notice it as it walks out towards the lawn quietly. The older one hears it and looks in the general direction. The younger one does the same, then splashes the older brother. This incites the older brother to splash back, and they continue playing. The strange being swims into the pool and slowly approaches them underwater. He jumps out, screaming. The boys scream back. The younger one splashes the man lightly as he picks the boy up playfully.)

Oh, Dad, cut it out.

OLDER GLAZEBROOK SON: Beautiful, Dad.

JERALD GLAZEBROOK: Quit picking on your brother. Remember he loves you!

YOUNGER GLAZEBROOK SON: No, I don't!

OLDER GLAZEBROOK SON: We're glad you're back home, Dad.

JERALD GLAZEBROOK: Ah, not as glad as I am.

OLDER GLAZEBROOK SON: Did you see a lot of weird stuff this year?

JERALD GLAZEBROOK: Yup, it was the weirdest show ever. But right now, your mother thinks you guys are getting ready for bed and if she comes out here and finds you guys still in the pool, she's going to kill me. So come on, out of the pool.

(He puts his youngest son down. The boys moan and whine. In the forest, something else is watching them.)

YOUNGER GLAZEBROOK SON: Awww...

OLDER GLAZEBROOK SON: Awwww, Dad...

JERALD GLAZEBROOK: Quit your whining. Come on or no bedtime story. Out you go, that's it.

(The thing in the trees is more of a monster than the Alligator-Skinned Man, weezing as it breathes. It winces constantly and it's face is bloodied naturally. The boys start back to the house.)

OLDER GLAZEBROOK SON: Come on, Dad, there's no school tomorrow...

(Jerald floats on his back a little, shooting water up into the air with his mouth. The thing watches and makes it's way into the pool. It approaches Jerald and he stands, looking at it.)

JERALD GLAZEBROOK: What the hell?

(It screeches and bites into Jerald's side. It repeatedly does so as Glazebrook screams with each bite. It rips through the skin and Jerald holds himself up on the ladder as blood pours out into the pool. It screams and snarls in victory.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
X-FILES OFFICE; FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder hands Scully a picture of Glazebrook's face.)

SCULLY: What happened to him?

MULDER: Nothing you can ascertain from that photograph. The victim suffered from ichthyosis, a congenital skin disease characterized by the shedding of the epidermis in the form of scales.

(He hands her another picture of a large wound in the side of Glazebrook.)

This shows the entry wound of the undetermined weapon. There were no other injuries inflicted upon the body, no internal organs removed and/or cannibalized, and there's no signs of sexual molestation either.

(He stands.)

That's forty-eight attacks over the last twenty-eight years. Occurring in every state in the continental U.S. almost, the first in Oregon and the last five in Florida.

(He shows pictures of various people with the same wounds.)

The victims range from all different age groups, races, both male and female. The mutilations appear so motiveless that one would suspect some form of ritual yet they adhere to no known cult. A lone serial killer would have been expected to escalate the level of violence of his attacks over such an extended period of time. So what do you think, Scully? What are your initial thoughts?

(Scully looks at the picture of Glazebrook.)

SCULLY: Imagine going through your whole life looking like this.




SCENE 3
GIBSONTON, FL

(There is a picture of Glazebrook on his coffin. There are flowers all around and the mourners sit off to the side. The priest is at the podium.)

PRIEST: "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures, he leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death..."

(Scully and Mulder walk over. Sheriff Hamilton nods to them from across the way.)

"I will fear no evil for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies."

(Mulder walks past Scully in the row of seats and they sit down.)

"Thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over. Surely, goodness and mercy shall follow me..."

(He turns the page with his foot, having no arms.)

"...all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the lord forever." We are gathered here today to mourn the passing of Jerald Glazebrook.

(In the front row of seats, Glazebrook's wife rubs the back of her eldest son in comfort. She has a thick beard. Her younger son is seated next to the other son. Scully watches them.)

Beloved husband, father, friend and entertainer.

(Scully looks at a man in the front row as he takes out a flask and drinks from it. There is a smaller person attached to him, who has his head in the bigger man's side and is also dressed in a suit.

We mourn not only the passing who overcame the obstacles of his earthly incarnation but also the passing of the love that dwells in his all too-human heart. We mourn the passing of the admiration and the respect he instilled in his fellow colleagues.

(Scully looks in back of her at a row of other circus freaks, each deformed in some way. There is a fortune teller, a teenager and a little kid, both of whom have the same problem. Scully and the little boy smile at each other.)

We mourn the passing of the laughter and the enjoyment he brought each audience who saw him.

(Mulder slowly looks to his right and slowly looks up at the giant sitting next to him.)

For although Jerry was a world-renowned escape artist, there is one strongbox from which none of us can escape.

(The coffin starts to shake violently. Sheriff Hamilton tries to hold it down and looks to some other people.)

HAMILTON: Help...

MAN #1: I got it...

(Other men run up to the coffin and lift it up and away from the grave. A bump starts moving underneath the covering of the grave.)

WOMAN #1: Move it out of there...

WOMAN #2: Oh my lord!

(As the congregation moans and gasps, a man breaks through the covering, growling, carrying a railroad spike and a hammer.)

MAN #2: I don't believe it...

BLOCKHEAD: Having not known the deceased personally, I am in no position to perform a proper eulogy. I'm sure he was a nice guy, et cetera, et cetera. But as an admirer of the man's work, I am in a position to perform an impromptu tribute in his honor. Namely, ramming this spike into my chest!

(He does so with one quick blow, sparks flying off of the contact point. Blood coats the front of his sweater. The crowd gasps and cringes. Even Mulder and Scully flinch. The man, Doctor Blockhead, staggers around, screaming.)

MAN #3: You crazy, don't you have any respect at all?

BLOCKHEAD: I think I hit my left ventricle!

(Hamilton grabs his arm and Blockhead shoves him off.)

WOMAN #2: This is a funeral!

BLOCKHEAD: Get back, fascist!

(People start jumping at him left and right. In fact, the whole congregation starts after him.)

MAN #2: For crying out loud!

MAN #4: Get him out of here! Get him out of here!

WOMAN #3: You're awful!

(Mulder and Scully are left all alone, seated where they were. The rest of the seats are pretty much in disarray. They sit in silence for a second.)

MULDER: I can't wait for the wake.




SCENE 4
PHIL'S DINER
(Mulder, Scully and Hamilton are sitting at a table.)

MULDER: On his vicap form, Jerald Glazebrook's occupation is listed as artist.

HAMILTON: Jerry was an artist... the best escape artist since Houdini. He should have been headlining Vegas but his skin condition kept him on the sideshow circuit.

SCULLY: I guess I didn't realize that sideshows were still in existence.

HAMILTON: There are about two or three of them still around.

MULDER: I got the impression that Glazebrook wasn't the only sideshow performer residing here.

HAMILTON: The town was founded back in the 20s when some of Barnum and Bailey's troops started coming down here during the winter off-season.

SCULLY: You know, this town's history might help explain our case's history. A sideshow performer would have toured much of the country over the years. And their isolation from everyday society caused by their physical deformities could have built up pathological resentments so intense that murder might be...

HAMILTON: Now, now, hold on a second. Around here, we refer to them as "very special people." Now, some of them may be different on the outside but it's what's inside that counts. And on the inside, they're as normal as anybody.

SCULLY: Until their arrests, many serial killers are considered by their friends and family to be quite "normal." If you truly regard these people as normal, then you must also consider the possibility that they are capable of committing these crimes.

HAMILTON: It's just been my experience that many people have a harder time accepting these people's deformities than they do themselves.

(Mulder opens up the menu and looks at a picture.)

MULDER: Sheriff, what is this? This design here, it's, uh, copyrighted by Hepcat Helm.

(He points to a picture of a monkey with a mermaid's tail, then at the copyright logo.)

Is that a local artist?

(Hamilton chuckles.)

HAMILTON: A bit too local. His workplace is right behind my station house.

MULDER: Do you think that we could meet Hep... cat?




SCENE 5
HEPCAT HELM'S WORKSHOP
(A grotesque rubber head sits on a pike as Screamin' Jay Hawkins' song, "Frenzy", plays loudly. Hepcat Helm is sitting at his desk painting as Hamilton walks in, followed by the agents.)

HAMILTON: Hepcat! Hepcat!

(Hepcat looks at them, then turns down the music.)

HEPCAT HELM: Who are the rubes?

HAMILTON: These are F.B.I. Agents Scully and Mulder. This is Hepcat Helm. He operates a carnival funhouse.

HEPCAT HELM: Oh man, how many times have I told you not to call it that?

(He throws down the handkerchief and goes over to them and looks at Mulder.)

It's not some rinky-dink carny-ride. People go through it, they don't have fun. They get the hell scared out of them. It's not a funhouse, it's a tabernacle of terror.

(Hamilton looks over at Mulder.)

HAMILTON: It's a funhouse.

(Mulder takes out the menu and shows the picture to Hepcat.)

MULDER: Mister Helm, I wanted to ask you about this menu illustration. I recognized most of the historical portraits you've drawn here, but what's this here?

(Scully rolls her eyes at the words "historical portraits.")

HEPCAT HELM: It's the Feejee Mermaid.

(He walks back to his desk carrying the menu.)

HAMILTON: Is that what that thing is?

SCULLY: What's the Feejee Mermaid?

HEPCAT HELM: The Feejee Mermaid. It's, it's the Feejee Mermaid!

HAMILTON: It's a bit of, uh... humbug Barnum pulled in the last century.

HEPCAT HELM: Barnum billed it as a real live mermaid but when people went into see it, all they saw was a real dead monkey sewn on the tail of a fish.

(Mulder walks over to him.)

MULDER: A monkey?

HEPCAT HELM: A mummified monkey.

HAMILTON: It supposedly looked so bad, he had to exhibit it as a "genuine fake."

HEPCAT HELM: Oh, but see? That's why Barnum was a genius. You never know where the truth ends and the humbug begins. He came right out and said, "This Feejee Mermaid thing is just a bunch of B.S." That just made people want to go and see it even more. So, I mean... who knows? Maybe for box office reasons, Barnum hocked it as a hoax... when in reality...

MULDER: The Feejee Mermaid was a reality.

(Hepcat exhales loudly and shrugs. Mulder walks back over to Hamilton.)

Sheriff, we're going to need to find a place to stay tonight.

HAMILTON: There are lodgings right across the way, but, uh... what's all this about?

(Mulder takes out a picture of a long row of small footprints in the sand heading towards a rock pile.)

MULDER: These tracks were found at several of the past few crime scenes. They've defied exact identification but one expert speculated that they might be simian in nature.

HAMILTON: You don't mean to tell me you think these tracks were made by the Feejee Mermaid?

SCULLY: Do you recall what Barnum said about suckers?

(She nods slightly towards Mulder.)




SCENE 6
GULF BREEZE TRAILER COURT
(The proprietor, Mister Nutt, is a midget. He climbs up a small stepladder and puts it down on the desk in front of the two agents. Nutt's dog sits on the counter.)

MULDER: Tell me, have you done much circus work in your life?

NUTT: And what makes you think I've ever spectated a circus, much less been enslaved by one?

MULDER: I know that many of the citizens here are former circus hands and I just thought that maybe you would have done...

NUTT: You thought that because I am a person of short stature that the only career I could procure for myself would be one confined to the so-called "big top." You took one quick look at me and decided that you could deduce my entire life.

(Mulder shakes his head a little. The dog whimpers as Nutt starts around to the area in shelf in back of the desk.)

Never would it have occurred to you that a person of my height could have possibly obtained a degree in hotel management.

(He holds up his degree.)

MULDER: I'm sorry, I meant no offense.

(Nutt walks back up to the desk.)

NUTT: Well, then why should I take offense? Just because it's human nature to make instantaneous judgments of others based solely upon their physical appearances? Why, I've done the same thing to you, for example. I've taken in your all-American features, your dour demeanor, your unimaginative necktie design...

(Mulder looks down at his tie.)

...and concluded that you work for the government. An F.B.I. agent.

(Mulder looks at Scully, who arches her eyebrows in surprise.)

But do you see the tragedy here? I have mistakenly reduced you to a stereotype. A caricature. Instead of regarding you as a specific, unique individual.

MULDER: But I am an F.B.I. agent.

(He holds up his badge. The dog whimpers some more. Nutt smirks a little and takes out another paper.)

NUTT: Register here, please.

(He rings the bell. Mulder and Scully are led by their trailers by the bellhop, a man named Lanny. He is the man with the smaller twin that has the twin's head inside of his chest at the funeral. He is also carrying their bags.)

MULDER: Tell me, have you done much circus work in your life?

LANNY: I was on the stage for most of my life. I was a headliner.

SCULLY: Did it not bother you to have other people staring at you?

LANNY: Best work I ever had. All I had to do was stand there. Occasionally, I'd say...

(He stops and stands tall as if on stage. They watch him.)

"Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like you to meet my brother Leonard."

(He pauses.)

"Excuse him, he's a little shy." Big laughs, I tell you, big laughs.

(They start to walk again.)

MULDER: Why'd you give it up?

LANNY: Mister Nutt, the kindhearted manager here, convinced me that to make a living by publicly displaying my deformity lacked dignity... so now I carry other people's luggage.

(They come to a set of trailers.)

I believe these are your trailers. If they are not, then I am wrong.

(Mulder takes the suitcases from him.)

Oh, that's most considerate. Thank you very much.

(They shake hands and Lanny starts off.)

Good night. Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite.

(He turns back in a worried manner. I walks back hurriedly, unscrewing his flask.)

No, no! That, that's not what I meant. I, I didn't mean to imply we had bedbugs. I, I meant to say, "Don't let... don't let the..."

MULDER: The Feejee Mermaids bite.

(Lanny tips his flask to him.)

LANNY: Yes, that's right, the Fee, the Feejee Mermaids. Don't, that's right, that's...

(He takes a sip from his flask and starts off.)

That, that's exactly... the Feejee Mermaids bite...

SCULLY: Mulder, what is this Feejee Mermaid business?

MULDER: Every murder investigation begins with a list of possible suspects. You should try not to be so exclusive, Scully.

(He hands her her suitcase.)

SCULLY: As long as you try not to let the atmosphere of this town distort your list all out of proportion.

(They stare at each other.)




SCENE 7
HEPCAT HELM'S WORKSHOP
(Hepcat Helm is listening to the same song as before, playing it extremely loud. He is painting a mask for his funhouse, then he walks over to a desk under the window and wipes off his hands. He takes an instrument and goes over to another sculpture, this one made mostly of glass. Reflected in the glass, in the window behind him, is the small monster slowly crawling in through the window. Helm stands up and the monster is gone. He goes to work on another part and sees the small monster crawling towards him in another reflection, looking blurred and distorted. He turns around and looks at it.)

HEPCAT HELM: What the hell?

(It pounces, it's grotesque face flying at it. Blood splatters over the menu as it pries it's jaws into his neck. There is a gash in his head.)




SCENE 8
GULF BREEZE TRAILER COURT
(Mulder is going for his morning jog. He stops in the road, trying to catch his air, and hears some splashing in the lake next to the road. Looking over, he sees a half-naked man coming out of the water, wearing only a loincloth. He has a tattoo of a puzzle all over his body, some of the pieces painted blue, mostly around the head and shoulder regions. He crouches down and starts eating the fish as Mulder watches intently. The strange man looks over at Mulder and throws down the fish, then starts off towards the forest.)




SCENE 9
SCULLY'S TRAILER
(The time is 7:15. Scully's eyes flicker open. Birds chirp outside as she looks out the window. She closes her eyes for a second and looks back outside, still laying down. A man seemingly falls off her roof. She sits up and sees that there is actually a men bouncing on a trampoline outside her window while another two people watch. In the background, people are performing various stunts. There is a frantic pounding on the door. She loosely puts on her robe and opens the door. Lanny stands there, his robe also loosely tied on.)

LANNY: Uh, ma'am... sheriff, he, uh... wants to see you.

(Leonard is exposed out of Lanny's stomach. Scully can't help but stare at him. Lanny, meanwhile, has his eyes on her cleavage, which is partly exposed. They both slowly look at each other, then look down at their objects of interest, then tie their robes up tighter.)

There's been another murder.




SCENE 10
HEPCAT HELM'S WORKSHOP
(Hamilton is standing over Helm's body, writing down notes on his pad. Scully is kneeling over Helm. Mulder is looking at the window. There is a streak of blood on it.)

WOMAN ON APB WIRE: Unit Thirteen, man down...

MULDER: Hey, Scully, there's some blood on the window here we should send to the lab.

SCULLY: Why run a test on the victim's blood?

MULDER: No, not this window.

(He walks over to the adjacent window as she stands.)

This window. This seems to be the point of entry and there's a... smear of blood on the outside of the window.

(He takes off some blood from a streak on the outside of the window with his finger.)

SCULLY: Why would there be blood before the attack?

HAMILTON: Why didn't the attacker just come through the open door? For a person to crawl in and out of these windows, they'd have to be a contortionist... or just plain crazy. Or both.




SCENE 11
GULF BREEZE TRAILER COURT
(Doctor Blockhead is suspended over a vat of hot water in a straitjacket, grunting and groaning. He starts unbuckling the straps when Mulder and Scully walk over.)

MULDER: While they're performing the autopsy, I want to go down to the...

(Mulder and Scully watch from a short distance as he frees himself. He throws off the straitjacket, takes the key and looks at the agents.)

BLOCKHEAD: How many people do you know that can get out of a straitjacket in under three minutes?

SCULLY: Fortunately, none.

MULDER: We caught your act yesterday at the funeral. That was some trick with the railroad spike.

(Blockhead unlocks his restraints and jumps down.)

BLOCKHEAD: Doctor Blockhead does not perform "tricks."

(He walks over to a toolbox and opens it up. He takes out a hammer and a nail. There are a number of skull pins next to the nails. Mulder and Scully walk over to him.)

Doctor Blockhead performs "astounding acts of body manipulation and pain endurance."

(He puts the nail in his left nostril and begins tapping it into his head as Mulder and Scully watch on in horror and awe.)

SCULLY: You must be one of those rare individuals whose... nerve endings don't register pain.

(He puts the hammer down and pulls out a pair of pliers.)

BLOCKHEAD: You just keep telling yourself that.

MULDER: Have you ever performed this tr, uh, act on anyone else?

BLOCKHEAD: What, are you sick? I tell my audiences that if they're stupid enough to try this themselves, they'll end up with a slight lobotomy. I am a professional.

MULDER: Exactly how does one become a professional blockhead? May I?

(He takes the pliers and starts to pull the nail out from Blockhead's head.)

BLOCKHEAD: Starting in my homeland of Yemen, I studied with yogis, fakirs and swamis, learning the ancient arts of body manipulation.

(Scully and Mulder grimace all through Blockhead's speaking as he slowly pulls out the nail. Mulder looks at the bloody nail.)

But most men know nothing of these arts. For instance, did you know that through the protective Chinese practice of Tiea Bu Shan, you can train your testicles to draw up into your abdomen?

MULDER: Oh, I'm doing that as we speak.

(The Conundrum pops out of the vat, gasping for air. They all look at him in shock.)

I saw him this morning down by the river, he was eating a fish.

BLOCKHEAD: He knows between-show snacks will ruin his appetite.

(He rubs the Conundrum's bald head.)

MULDER: I could be mistaken. Maybe it was another bald-headed, jigsaw-puzzle-tattooed, naked guy I saw.

SCULLY: Is this... man also a body manipulator?

BLOCKHEAD: No. In the classical sense, the Conundrum's a geek.

MULDER: He eats live animals.

BLOCKHEAD: He eats anything... live animals, dead animals, rocks, light bulbs, corkscrews, battery cables, cranberries...

SCULLY: Human flesh?

BLOCKHEAD: Only the Conundrum can answer that question. But he doesn't answer questions, he merely... poses them.

(He takes out a jar of crickets.)

When an audience partakes in the Conundrum's human piranha act, they are left to ask themselves...

(He pours out some crickets onto the Conundrum's head, who eats them joyously.)

"Why." But... where are my manners?

(He holds out the jar to the agents.)

SCULLY: Thank you.

(She takes a cricket, puts it in her mouth, smiles and walks away. Mulder looks at her, then at the crickets, and leaves. He catches up to Scully, and watches her in disbelief. She smiles, reaches behind Mulder's ear, and "pulls out" the live cricket.)

It's an old sleight of hand my uncle once taught me. He was only an amateur magician, but he was still better than those two.

MULDER: Well, I'm going over to the lab to see if they can test the blood on the window against the blood on Doctor Blockhead's nail.

(He holds out his hand, then moves it in a clockwise direction. When he finishes the circle, he is holding out the nail. He starts off.)

Everybody's uncle is an amateur magician.




SCENE 12
GIBSONTON MUSEUM OF CURIOSITIES
3:14 PM
(Scully walks into the old cabin. The bell rings as the door opens. There is a sign next to a pot that says "Freaks Free; Others Please Leave Donation." Scully walks over to it, puts a bill in, and starts looking around. She looks at a picture of siamese twins. Passing various strange things in jars, she picks up another picture of the siamese twins. They are named Chang and Eng. The curator walks out behind her. His face is disfigured and is reflected in a small mirror.)

CURATOR: Welcome to my museum. May I put to rest any questions you may have conjured?

SCULLY: I was just reading about the fascinating life of Chang and Eng and wondering if their death was just as fascinating.

CURATOR: Oh, very much so. On a cold January eve in 1874, Eng awoke to find his brother had passed away during the course of the night. A few hours later, Eng himself departed from this world. Now, these facts themselves may be less than fascinating but imagine... imagine being Eng and lying there.

(He puts his disfigured hand on her shoulder.)

Knowing that essentially half your body was now dead... that the rest must inevitably follow... and being able to do about it absolutely nothing. At the autopsy, it was officially concluded that Chang died of a cerebral hemorrhage.

SCULLY: And what was the official cause of Eng's death?

CURATOR: Fright.

(He smiles and starts to walk away.)

SCULLY: Do you have any information on blockhead or geek acts?

(They walk into another room.)

CURATOR: This is a historical collection of human curiosities. Blockheads are skilled performers.

SCULLY: Like magicians?

CURATOR: Like sword swallowers who really do swallow swords. And geeks are neither skilled nor curiosities. They're merely unseemly... not even attaining the level of "gaffs."

SCULLY: "Gaffs?"

(The curator takes a picture of two siamese twins who look very different.)

CURATOR: Observe closely the dissimilarity of the facial features. Conjoined twins are always identical. These twins are phonies... gaffs.

SCULLY: Sort of like the Feejee Mermaid?

(He laughs and puts the picture down.)

CURATOR: You're investigating the Alligator Man's murder, yes? I have something I believe you might find of some interest.

(He hands her a picture of "Jim-Jim, the Dog-Faced Boy.")

SCULLY: What does this have to do with the Glazebrook murder?

CURATOR: I've recently come into possession of an authentic P.T. Barnum exhibit. Now, I don't show this display to all my customers... only those with the intellectual curiosity to appreciate it.

(He walks over to a door behind Scully.)

Barnum billed it as "the great unknown."

(He opens the door. Scully is about to enter, but he stops her.)

I must first ask of you two favors. Tell no soul what you witness in here.

SCULLY: And the second favor?

CURATOR: An additional donation of five dollars.

(She hands him five dollars and steps inside the dark room. He locks the door behind her. She walks over to the only object in the room, a trunk cast in a spotlight. She tentatively opens the trunk to find... nothing. A door swings open to her left with an "Exit" sign above it. A buzzer goes off and she looks down at the trunk, smiling slightly at having been duped.)




SCENE 13
SCULLY'S TRAILER
(Mulder hears a clanking and a groaning underneath the trailer. He looks under and sees a small figure moving around. He walks over to where the small figure is, unhooking his holster. He kneels down and Mister Nutt crawls out.)

MULDER: Does Agent Scully know that you're under her crawlspace?

NUTT: I was merely repairing the plumbing on this unit. I know what you're thinking, my friend, but you are grossly mistaken.

(He and Mulder stand.)

Just because I am not of so-called "average" height does not mean I must receive my thrills vicariously. Not all woman are attracted to overly tall, lanky men such as yourself. You'd be surprised how many women find my size intriguingly alluring.

MULDER: And you'd be surprised how many men do as well.

(Nutt, offended and disgusted, walks off. Mulder looks at his footprints. Scully steps out of her trailer.)

SCULLY: Oh, it's you. Is Mister Nutt finished with the plumbing?

(Inside, Mulder and Scully sit across from each other.)

MULDER: The blood from the window matched the blood from the nail but they were both O-positive. They've been sent for further analysis. I ran a background check on Doctor Blockhead. His real name is Jeffrey Swaim and he wasn't born in Yemen, he was born in Milwaukee. He does not hold a doctorate.

SCULLY: Well, I ended up running a bit of a background check myself.

MULDER: On who?

(She flips open a folder.)

SCULLY: On an orphan discovered in the wild forest of Albania in 1943. "Although physically adept at catching his own food, he could not speak a word, save for a few savage grunts. Brought to this country, he was exhibited behind a locked cage, necessitated by his feral ferocity, where he would terrify onlookers by devouring chunks of raw meat." However, for reasons I could not ascertain, he ran away from the circus and spent a vague number of years mysteriously roaming about, supporting himself through a number of non-descript jobs. Eventually, he wound up in Gibsonton, where he took up a career in law enforcement and has spent the past four terms serving as sheriff.

MULDER: You're talking about Sheriff Hamilton?

SCULLY: I'm telling you that before becoming Sheriff Hamilton, James Hamilton was Jim-Jim, the Dog-Faced Boy.

(She hands him the picture given to her by the curator.)




SCENE 14
SHERIFF HAMILTON'S HOUSE
(Sheriff Hamilton is digging a hole in the front yard with a shovel. Scully and Mulder are in the bushes watching him. Hamilton looks up at the full moon, then cuts something, rubs it on his hand and throws it into the hole. He recovers the hole and walks inside. Mulder and Scully wait until he is gone, then walk over to the hole and start to uncover it. Mulder is using a shovel while Scully is playing look-out. Mulder stops and they whisper to each other.)

MULDER: You know, Scully, hypertricosis does not connote lycanthropy.

SCULLY: What are you implying?

MULDER: We're being highly discriminatory here. Just because a man was once inflicted with excessive hairiness, we've no reason to suspect him of aberrant behavior.

SCULLY: It's like assuming guilt based solely on skin color, isn't it?

MULDER: Yeah.

(They look at each other, then kneel down and start digging with their hands. Mulder takes out a napkin and puts the object in it. Hamilton walks out and shines a flashlight on them.)

HAMILTON: May I ask what you're doing?

MULDER: We're exhuming... your potato.

(He holds up the napkin with the sliced potato that Hamilton buried and they unearthed.)

HAMILTON: May I ask why?

(They stand.)

SCULLY: Sheriff, it, it's, it's been documented that many serial killers possess a fascination with police work, some of them even holding positions on their local force... so surveillance of investigation team members is often utilized as a precautionary...

MULDER: We found out you used to be the Dog-Faced Boy.

(He hands Hamilton the advertisement of the Dog-Faced Boy. Hamilton looks at it and smiles.)

HAMILTON: Boy, look how skinny I was back then.

SCULLY: So that is you.

HAMILTON: Oh, sure. I spent the first half of my life as Jim-Jim. Then one morning I noticed a bald spot on top of my head and realized I was not only losing my hair but my career as well. Eventually all the hair went... on top of my head, anyways. The rest of my body is still pretty hairy, which is why I never go to the beach.

SCULLY: That doesn't quite explain the potato.

HAMILTON: I got, uh... some warts on my hand.

MULDER: That doesn't quite explain the potato.

HAMILTON: To get rid of warts, you rub a sliced potato on your hand and bury it under a full moon.

(Mulder and Scully look embarrassed.)

Investigation isn't going too well, is it?

(Mulder throws the potato back in the hole.)




SCENE 15
TRAILER PARK
(The Conundrum walks along, a piece of paper in his shorts. The manager's dog starts barking at him, and he runs after it. After chasing it for a while, the dog runs into his doggy-door and the Conundrum slides after it, just missing it. Mister Nutt opens the door and looks at him. The Conundrum stands, ashamed, and hands him the paper with one of Blockhead's skull pins in it. Nutt looks at it, and it is a check with the name "The Conundrum" at the top. Nutt closes the door.)

NUTT: So, tell me, Commodore... why are the weirdos the only ones that pay their rent checks in advance?

(He walks away, but the dog continues growling and barking at the door.)

I warn you, you tattooed cretin, I have a licensed firearm and I'm more than eager for an opportunity to use it!

(He goes to open the door when the mutant's hand reaches out and grabs his ankle. He screams as he falls to the ground. The thing pulls his foot through the door and starts trying to pull Nutt through as he looks on in horror. He finally kicks it away and crawls back in. The mutant shoves it's head through the door, screaming. Nutt screams as well.)




SCENE 16
(A man with bloody hands unlocks the door and walks in, waking Scully up. She sits up in bed, pointing her gun. Lanny puts his bloody hands on her shoulders.)

LANNY: I found him. He's dead. He's dead...

(She looks at him, confused.)




SCENE 17
MISTER NUTT'S TRAILER
(Hamilton points out the blood on the outside of the doggy-door to Scully)

HAMILTON: Lanny says all of the doors and windows were locked from the inside.

(Inside, Mulder is looking at Nutt's body. Lanny is also there, standing of to the side in his robe.)

MULDER: Scully, come here!

LANNY: He was like a brother to me...

(Hamilton puts his hand on Lanny's shoulder. Scully kneels down next to Mulder.)

MULDER: I don't know if a contortionist can get through that doggy-door, Scully, but look at this...

(He shows her the skull pin, which is in Nutt's hand. Lanny starts screaming and banging on the door. Hamilton grabs him and turns him around.)

HAMILTON: Lanny! Lanny! Take it easy. You're going to hurt yourself.

LANNY: So what?

HAMILTON: So you might hurt me in the process.

(Scully looks a little disappointed. Lanny hugs Hamilton, who looks at the agents.)

He gets this way sometimes. I'll have to toss him in the drunk tank.

MULDER: We'll take Jeffrey Swaim into custody.

HAMILTON: C'mon, Lanny, let's go...

(They walk out. Mulder stands up and walks to the door.)

SCULLY: You know, Mulder...

(She stands.)

For a while there, I was beginning to suspect this case involved something a bit more, um...

MULDER: Freakish?

(She shrugs a little and nods, kind of like an embarrassed "yes.")

You really shouldn't complain about banality, Scully, when your main suspect is the human blockhead.

(He smiles and starts out.)




SCENE 18
DOCTOR BLOCKHEAD'S TRAILER

(Doctor Blockhead has attached hundreds of hooks into his chest. All of the hooks have ropes on them. He is adjusting them, sitting on a bed of nails when there is a knock on the door.)

BLOCKHEAD: It's open!

(Scully walks in, showing her badge, followed by Mulder.)

SCULLY: Mister Swaim, federal agents, we're here to qu...

(She stops, looking at him.)

BLOCKHEAD: It's a variation of an American Indian sun dance ritual. I suspend myself by these hooks and the pain becomes so unbearable I leave my body. If people knew the true price of spirituality, there'd be more atheists.

SCULLY: Mister Swaim, we're here to take you into custody to question you about some recent murders.

BLOCKHEAD: I don't answer any questions until I talk to my lawyer.

MULDER: Who's your lawyer?

BLOCKHEAD: I represent myself.

(Scully grabs his arm.)

SCULLY: Sir, if you're going to be uncooperative, I'll have to handcuff you.

BLOCKHEAD: What gives you fascists the right to do that?

(Scully stands him up and handcuffs him.)

SCULLY: Did I not mention we're federal agents?

BLOCKHEAD: Did I not mention I'm an escape artist?

(He throws off the handcuffs, puts them on Scully, pushes her into Mulder and runs out the door. Mulder, despite trying to stop his fall, falls onto the bed of nails.)

SCULLY: Mulder, are you okay?

MULDER: It's more comfortable than a futon.

(The door swings open and Sheriff Hamilton stands there, holding Blockhead by the roped hooks.)

HAMILTON: Hey... look what I caught.

(He gives the ropes a little tug.)

BLOCKHEAD: Ouch!




SCENE 19
POLICE STATION
(In the drunk tank, Lanny moans and groans. He has blood on his hands still, and his eyes open when he ears a slithering sound. He looks onto the ceiling and sees something horrific.)

LANNY: What the hell?

(The thing on the ceiling squeals happily as it crawls to the window. Lanny screams.)

No! No!

(Hamilton leads Blockhead into the station by the arm. Mulder and Scully follow quickly.)

BLOCKHEAD: This has all the makings of one of those mistaken identity, miscarriage of justice things that prove so popular on Sixty Minutes.

(Hamilton sits him down. Mulder holds up a bag containing the skull pin. Hamilton sits at his desk.)

MULDER: Does this belong to you?

BLOCKHEAD: The fifth amendment of our beloved constitution says...

(He stops and everyone turns when they hear a high-pitched moaning.)

MULDER: What is that?

HAMILTON: It's Lanny in the drunk tank. He'll be all right once he sleeps it off.

(Scully is looking down the hallway at Lanny.)

SCULLY: No, I don't think he's going to sleep this one off.

(They all run over to Lanny's cell, including Blockhead, who is led by Mulder. They look at Lanny, who looks dead, blood on his hands. There is blood on the wall underneath the window.)

MULDER: There's been another attack.

HAMILTON: How could anyone have gotten in there?

SCULLY: No one got in, but some one got out.

(Lanny moans. Hamilton unlocks the door.)

MULDER: What are you talking about?

SCULLY: I'm not sure myself, Mulder, but I think we'll know more when we find Leonard.

MULDER: Leonard?

SCULLY: Lanny's brother.

(The agents walk in, followed by the others. Scully rolls Lanny over and pulls his robe away to reveal that Leonard is gone and there is a wound where he once was.)

HAMILTON: Oh, God, they extracted the twin.

SCULLY: No, the twin extracted itself.

(Mulder kneels down and looks at the wound.)

MULDER: But it's an appendage...

SCULLY: Yeah, Mulder... this wound is identical to the other victims' wounds. With one exception. He's not bleeding.

(Mulder stands.)

HAMILTON: If you're trying to tell me his twin brother can crawl out of his body and then go gallivant around town, you're as drunk as he is.

(Scully stands up.)

SCULLY: You said it yourself, Sheriff. It's what's inside that counts. I have a feeling that Lanny has an internal anomaly that allows his conjoining twin to disjoin

MULDER: But, how? H-how...

LANNY: How could I turn him in without turning myself in?

SCULLY: Lanny, why does he attack other people?

LANNY: I don't think he knows he's harming anyone. He's merely seeking... another brother.

(He moans, almost crying.)

HAMILTON: Are you in pain, Lanny?

(Lanny sits up.)

LANNY: It hurts. It hurts not to be wanted. I don't know why he hates me so. I've taken care of him for all of our lives. Maybe that is the reason why.

SCULLY: How long can he survive outside of your body?

LANNY: Long enough... to understand that you cannot change the way you were born. Don't worry. He'll come back. He always does. I'm still his only brother.

(Lanny lays back down.)

MULDER: Sheriff, we're going to need the paramedics.

(Hamilton runs off.)

Scully, you're the medical expert. If you think the twin can disengage, I believe you but how mobile could such a thing be?

(Scully looks out the window and sees a small figure crawl along the ground quickly. The gate in the back swings open.)

SCULLY: Too mobile.

(Scully looks at him and runs out. Mulder follows. Blockhead looks at Lanny.)

BLOCKHEAD: So your twin can, uh...

(He makes a "going out" motion.)

And then...

(He makes a "coming in" motion. Lanny nods.)

What an act!

(Scully and Mulder run out of the gate to the nearest building, which is large and brown. They hear a snarling growl.)

SCULLY: I'll cover the back.

(She runs off and Mulder runs up the steps. He flicks the switch next to the door and the generator turns on. Taking out his gun, he opens the door and begins walking down the dark hallway. He peeks around the corner and sees Leonard crawl backwards down the adjacent hallway away from Mulder. Mulder aims his gun, but is too late. He runs that way and turns the corner. He runs down the next hallway. Turning the corner, he finds a dead end. He pushes against it, then heads back. Scully hears another growl then some footsteps. She turns the corner and points her gun.)

Freeze!

(A rumbling starts and a suspended mannequin with a head similar to Leonard's comes flying at her on a rope from the ceiling and stops, cackling and making strange noises.)

The funhouse.

(Mulder turns another corner and finds another dead end. He hears a growl and sees Leonard crawling away again. He runs down that hallway and quickly turns the corner, slamming into a wall. He staggers into the adjacent wall, which spins around, taking Mulder with it. Scully walks into the hall of mirrors. Everywhere around her, there are Scullys. She hears another growl and turns to see Leonard on the ground. She fires at him but only ends up breaking the mirror that reflected him. She looks at the shards and sees Leonard is nowhere around. She starts walking down a hallway and bumps into a mirror. Turning left, she walks down another hallway and Mulder slides out of a shaft in front of her. She instinctively points her gun, but steps back when she sees who it is.)

MULDER: I thought I heard a shot fired.

SCULLY: I think we better go outside and catch this thing coming out.

(She steps over Mulder and walks down the hallway. The agents run out and see Leonard crawling into the woods. They run down the road and point their guns at another small figure. The figure starts barking and they lower their guns.)

It's the manager's dog.

MULDER: The trailer park.

(The dog leads them through the forest.)




SCENE 20
CONUNDRUM'S TRAILER
(The Conundrum steps out of his trailer, carrying a garbage bag. He puts it in the can as Leonard sneaks up behind him. He turns and screams as the mutant jumps onto him and starts biting. Mulder and Scully run into the park, hearing screaming and shrieking. They come to the Conundrum's trailer and see him lying on the ground, looking a little bloated. They kneel down next to him.)

SCULLY: Are you all right?

MULDER: Have you seen a, uh... uh...

(He tries to show how big it is, but runs off in frustration, not expecting an answer. Scully runs off as well. The Conundrum looks at his stomach and rubs it as it gurgles contentedly.




SCENE 21
GULF BREEZE TRAILER COURT
(In the morning, the sheriff is talking to a deputy. Scully is walking slowly towards the middle of the camp.)

HAMILTON: Uh, check out the area behind that trailer. Let me know what you find.

(The deputy walks off and Hamilton turns to Scully.)

Now, you're sure it was the twin you saw running around here. I mean, maybe it was the Fiji Mermaid and he jumped back in the river and swum his way back to Fiji.

(Hamilton walks away as Mulder walks up to her.)

MULDER: Now you know how I feel.

(Mulder keeps walking. Scully walks up to Doctor Blockhead, who is tying various pieces of junk to the roof of his car. The Conundrum gets into the front seat.)

SCULLY: You're taking off?

BLOCKHEAD: With that thing still on the loose?

SCULLY: They've been searching for it all day. It can't have sustained itself for this long.

BLOCKHEAD: It will probably try to crawl back up into it's brother.

SCULLY: No, his brother Lanny died last night. I already performed the autopsy on him this morning.

(Blockhead throws the rope over and walks around the car.)

BLOCKHEAD: So, I guess it's true, you can never go home again.

SCULLY: His body wounds were non-fatal. He died as a result of advanced cirrhosis of the liver.

(Blockhead starts tying things on this side.)

BLOCKHEAD: Oh, there's a moral to the story. Lay off the booze.

SCULLY: Well, his body possesses some anatomical discrepancies... some offshoots of the esophagus and trachea that almost seem umbilical in nature and... I've never seen anything like it.

(Blockhead finishes tying.)

BLOCKHEAD: And you never will again. Twenty-first century genetic engineering will not only eradicate the siamese twins and the alligator-skinned people, but you're going to be hard-pressed to find, uh, a slight overbite or a not-so-high cheek bone. You see, I've seen the future and the future looks just like him.

(He points at Mulder, who is standing in front of a trailer in a classic model pose. Hands on his hips, one foot up on the step, looking off into the distance.)

Imagine going through your whole life looking like that. That's why it's left up to the self-made freaks like me and the Conundrum to remind people.

SCULLY: Remind people of what?

BLOCKHEAD: Nature abhors normality. It can't go very long without creating a mutant. Do you know why?

SCULLY: No, why?

BLOCKHEAD: I don't either, it's a mystery. Maybe some mysteries are never meant to be solved.

(He gets in the driver's side as Mulder walks over. He looks at the Conundrum, who looks sick.)

MULDER: What's the matter with your friend?

BLOCKHEAD: I don't know what his problem is. Maybe it's the Florida heat.

SCULLY: Hope it's nothing serious.

CONUNDRUM: Probably something I ate.

(He smiles at the agents and the two freaks drive off. Scully and Mulder watch them go, then look at each other in realization.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
LINCOLN PARK, MURRAY, VIRGINIA
(The Holvey family is enjoying an afternoon in the park. A miniature train chugs by and young Charlie Holvey watches from a railing, holding a balloon on a string. His mother, Maggie, is a short distance away with Charlie's younger brother, two-year-old Teddy, while his father, Steve, approaches with four ice cream cones.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Charlie! Come on, Charlie. (to Teddy, handing him a balloon) Here you go, sweetie.

STEVE HOLVEY: Charlie, hey! Ice cream! (kneeling and offering a cone to Teddy) Hey buddy, you want some ice cream? Huh? (to Charlie) Here, Charlie. Here you go.

(Charlie takes the ice cream but doesn't seem very happy about it. As young Teddy holds his ice cream cone, he lets go of the balloon and it drifts up and away.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Look. There it goes.

STEVE HOLVEY: There goes your balloon.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Going to balloon land. Go bye-bye. (Teddy falls, dropping his ice cream, and starts to cry) Oh, sweetie. Don't cry.

(Maggie picks Teddy up. Steve offers one of the other ice cream cones to him.)

STEVE HOLVEY: Hey, look! Here's some ice cream! Here's some ice cream! Want some ice cream? Look.

(Teddy continues to cry, so Steve takes Charlie's balloon and offers it to Teddy. Charlie does not look pleased.)

STEVE HOLVEY: Teddy. Teddy. Here's your balloon. Look at that.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Shhh! Oh, such a mess. We gotta clean you up.

STEVE HOLVEY: Charlie and I will wait for you.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (to Teddy) You're amazing.

(Maggie heads off with Teddy. Steve remains with Charlie.)

CHARLIE: That was my balloon.

STEVE HOLVEY: Eat your ice cream before it melts.

CHARLIE: I don't want any ice cream. I want my balloon.

STEVE HOLVEY: (slightly annoyed) We'll get you a balloon, OK?

CHARLIE: No, I want my balloon.

STEVE HOLVEY: (more annoyed) Fine. (takes Charlie's ice cream cone) We'll get you another balloon. (to himself) That was a waste of good money.

(Steve puts all of the ice cream cones into a trash can. In the restroom, Maggie wipes the ice cream from Teddy's face.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: There we go. Yes. Yes.

(She picks him up and puts him in front of the sink, attaching his his halter to one of the sink supports.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: There we go. That's a boy. Good boy. OK. OK, Teddy. I'll be right back, OK?

(She goes into one of the stalls and closes the door. She sings to Teddy to keep his attention.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (singing) There were six in a bed and the little one said "Roll over! Roll over!" So they all rolled over and one fell out. Five in the bed and the little one said "Roll over! Roll over!" ...

(Teddy has let go of his balloon again and watches it float up to the ceiling.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: ... And they all rolled over and one fell out. Four in the bed and the little one said, "Roll over! Roll over!" ...

(The balloon has mysteriously moved across the ceiling, then down a foot and out through the gap at the top of the restroom door. Maggie leans down and looks under the stall door to check on him. She sees Teddy's legs.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: ... So they all rolled over and one fell out. Three in the bed and the little one said, "Roll over! Roll over!" So they all rolled over and one fell out. Two in the bed and the little one said "Roll ... "

(Maggie finishes up and opens the door to the stall, only to see Teddy's empty halter on the floor and no sign of Teddy.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Teddy? Teddy?! (she runs outside) Teddy?! Teddy?! Teddy?!

(Teddy is following the balloon, which is leading him down an embankment and out of Maggie's sight. Rather than flying up and away, the balloon behaves as if the string is being held by an invisible entity. Charlie watches from a distance.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (still not seeing him) Teddy?! Teddy?!

(The balloon leads Teddy down to the railroad tracks. Nearby, a family poses as the father takes their picture. Beyond them, the man sees Teddy near the tracks. The train whistle sounds.)

MAN: There's a kid on the track!

STEVE HOLVEY: (seeing him) Oh my God! Teddy! Teddy! Get away from there!

(Steve runs toward him, while Charlie stands impassively. Maggie hears Steve's shouts and runs toward Teddy as well. The balloon has led Teddy onto the tracks, where Teddy is now holding it by the string.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Teddy!

STEVE HOLVEY: Come here!

(The train rounds the curve and the engineer sees Teddy ahead. He tries to stop the train but it doesn't respond. He sounds his whistle repeatedly. Charlie continues to watch from a distance, showing no emotion.)

STEVE HOLVEY: Teddy!

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Teddy, get off of the tracks!

(As his parents run toward him, Teddy continues to hold the balloon, not hearing the warnings. Steve reaches the fence beside the tracks just as the train goes by.)

STEVE HOLVEY: No!!!

(The balloon drifts away. Maggie and Steve wait for the train to pass, then rush out onto the tracks.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Oh my God!!!

(They kneel, crying. Steve hugs Maggie.)

STEVE HOLVEY: Maggie ... Teddy ...

(Charlie has walked a ways toward the tracks but stands there, still showing no emotion. The balloon comes down just behind him.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
DR. CHARLES BURKS' LAB,
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, COLLEGE PARK
(Mulder has the photo taken by the man at the park projected on a screen and is pointing out details to Scully.)

MULDER: This photo was taken at an amusement park three months ago. The young boy in the background is Teddy Holvey, aged two. (he points out Teddy, who is at the gate in the fence next to the tracks) He was killed just seconds after this was taken.

SCULLY: How?

MULDER: According to the police report, he wandered onto the tracks of the park's miniature train. The conductor was unable to stop due to a malfunction in the braking system. Teddy's father works for the State Department, so a coroner's inquest was held due to the unusual circumstances surrounding the accident.

SCULLY: And did the inquest come up with anything unusual?

MULDER: No. No, but the County Medical Examiner called me afterwards. He was disturbed by this case and by this photograph, and I think with good reason. You see, this is a helium balloon here, and the one thing I did learn in kindergarten is when you let them go, they float up, up and away, but you see this is moving away from him, horizontally.

SCULLY: Did you learn about wind in kindergarten?

MULDER: Well, I called the National Weather Service and they said on the day that Teddy died the wind was blowing north. But you see, the balloon is moving south, as if it's being pulled against the wind.

SCULLY: Pulled? By whom?

MULDER: I don't know. That's why I came to Chuck, the king of digital imaging. Chuck can extract incredibly small details from a simple photographic print.

(Dr. Chuck Burk is sitting in front of a large computer monitor. Mulder and Scully come around behind him. Chuck is a somewhat pompous fellow.)

DR. BURK: Not details - information. Watch the monitor. We have limitations on how much information the eye can perceive unaided, but with this special software - which I designed - we can, uh, depict hidden information. (he displays the image on the monitor and enhances the contrast) We can manipulate it. Enhance it. Now watch right here. There it is.

(After several passes, the image shows a light, human-like outline of a person holding the balloon string.)

DR. BURK: (pointing to the outline) There's clearly a concentration of electromagnetic energy.

SCULLY: So you're saying that, uh, a ghost killed Teddy Holvey. (Mulder nods and points to the screen as Burk smirks) Has anyone checked the camera that took this photo - the lens or the pressure plate?

MULDER: It all checked out, Scully. (hands her the camera) I think from the information here, this is clearly some kind of poltergeist activity.

SCULLY: Mulder, this information is the same reason why you'll see a newspaper photo with Jesus' face appearing in the, in the foliage of an elm tree. It's a chance occurrence of light and shadow.

(Burk leans back in his chair, still smirking.)

MULDER: (reaching for an evidence bag) In order to get on those tracks, Teddy Holvey had to escape this child-proof halter that his mother had tied to a bathroom sink.

SCULLY: I've seen some pretty slippery two-year-olds.

MULDER: So the C.M.E. took it home and put it on his own two-year-old and found it was physically impossible for the kid to reach around and free himself, so unless Teddy Holvey was the reincarnation of Houdini - and that would be an X-file in itself ...

(Burk arches his eyebrows at Scully.)




SCENE 3
HOLVEY RESIDENCE, ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA
(It is night, and Mulder and Scully pull up in front of the house. As they approach the door, an old woman in a black shawl watches them warily from an upstairs window. The window has a small stained glass hanging in front of it, with a reverse swastika.)

(Mulder and Scully are with Maggie and Steve in their living room. There is a fire in the fireplace.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: I don't understand. There's already been a formal inquest.

MULDER: We're here apart from that investigation. We have reason to believe something may have been overlooked.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Like what?

MULDER: The possibility Teddy may have been helped onto the tracks.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Oh my God.

STEVE HOLVEY: There were over a hundred witnesses. We saw Teddy ourselves. (the fire in the fireplace suddenly flares up) He was chasing a balloon. There was no one else around ...

(Mulder and Scully notice Charlie standing in the doorway.)

STEVE HOLVEY: ... It was an awful accident. But that's all it was - an accident.

(Charlie looks up and to his left, then runs away as if called by someone. Scully wanders over to the door.)

MULDER: Do you have any reason to suspect someone may have wanted to hurt Teddy?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: He was just a baby. Why would anybody want to hurt him?

STEVE HOLVEY: Look, I don't know what you're getting at. We loved Teddy. If you're suggesting that this is anything like that woman who drowned her kids in the lake, you're way out of line.

(Scully sees that Charlie has gone to the old woman, Golda, who is on a landing midway up the stairs. She is drawing a symbol on the back of Charlie's hand - a reverse swastika with four dots around it.)

MULDER: Mrs. Holvey, did you hear anything in the bathroom right before Teddy disappeared?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: I already told the inquest. I heard nothing.

(Scully has returned to the others.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Holvey, at the time of the accident, did you have any hired help?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: No. My mother came to live with us once Teddy was born.

MULDER: Around the time of Teddy's death, had you noticed anything strange happening around the house, uh, things moved, odd objects appearing, anything like that?

(A loud, shrill alarm sounds.)

STEVE HOLVEY: It's that damn smoke detector. I'll be right back.

(He walks out. As he exits, the lights go out.)

MULDER: Ah ... does this happen often?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: It's an old house. We have a problem with the wiring.

(The lights come back on and Golda is standing in the doorway with Charlie.)

GOLDA: Diavol lol ... diavol lol ... nu ieste el cauza.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Mother!

GOLDA: Diavol lol.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Mother, it was just a false alarm.

GOLDA: No. Asea este problema ta baiatul este blestemat. [We must perform the ritual or the killings will continue.]

(Mulder notices the reverse swastika on the back of Charlie's hand and a red string tied around his wrist.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Mother.

GOLDA: (shouting) Ye dracul!

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (also shouting) Stop it!

SCULLY: What is she saying?

STEVE HOLVEY: (returning) Maggie!

GOLDA: You marry a devil. You have devil child!

(Golda leaves, pushing Charlie in front of her.)

STEVE HOLVEY: I'm sorry.

(The next morning, Mulder studies a reverse swastika in a book as Scully enters with a file.)

MULDER: You recognize this?

SCULLY: Sure, it's a swastika.

MULDER: It's also known as a gammadion or a fylfot. It's an ancient symbol used for protection or good luck. It's been used by various cultures since the middle ages. The Holvey's child had one on the back of his hand last night. My guess it was drawn there by the old lady, to protect the boy.

SCULLY: You're right. I saw her drawing it.

MULDER: And you didn't think that was strange?

SCULLY: Well, I think this boy needs as much protection as he can get - but just not from ghosties or beasties. Take a look at this. (hands him a folder) Have you ever heard of Munchausen by Proxy?

MULDER: Yeah, my grandfather used to take that for his stomach.

SCULLY: It's when a parent or caretaker brings harm to a child by inducing medical symptoms, usually as a way of getting attention or status. If you take a look at Teddy Holvey's medical history, you'll see that he was admitted to various hospitals ten times during the two years that he was alive. That's once every three months.

MULDER: (reading the file) Projectile vomiting at three months. Diarrhea at four months. Vomiting ... diarrhea ... diarrhea.

SCULLY: Each time they were unable to determine the cause of the illness.

MULDER: And no one questioned this?

SCULLY: Well, the family moved around a lot because of Steve's job, and records take time to transfer from hospital to hospital. But this kind of abuse is not limited to just one child, so I checked out Charlie's history as well.

(She hands him a second folder.)

MULDER: Charlie had medical problems, too?

SCULLY: Since his brother was born, which is right when Holvey's mother-in-law moved in. Often the perpetrator of Munchausen by Proxy will view the child as evil. The old woman would be a likely candidate, but it could be any family member.

MULDER: Do you feel like taking a walk over to the State Department, Scully? (she nods)




SCENE 4
STATE DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder and Scully are in Steve Holvey's office.)

STEVE HOLVEY: Things have been strained since Golda - my mother-in-law - moved in with us. I met Maggie in Romania in 1984. Golda forbade our marriage - said I was the devil. After I transferred back to the U.S., things got somewhat better, until Teddy was born and she came to live with us. That's when the strangeness really started.

MULDER: What kind of strangeness?

STEVE HOLVEY: Superstitions rule Golda's life. She'll spit when anyone compliments the kids. Once she moved in with us, she started pouring hot water over the threshold to ward off demons, tying red strings around the kids' wrists. One day I caught her throwing chicken guts on the roof. Then Teddy and Charlie started getting sick - a lot.

SCULLY: And you suspect Golda?

STEVE HOLVEY: She'll call Charlie evil right to his face. But at the same time, she dotes on him like she's afraid of him.

MULDER: Afraid of him or for him?

STEVE HOLVEY: I just don't know.

SCULLY: Are you familiar with Munchausen by Proxy?

STEVE HOLVEY: Are you accusing us of child abuse?

SCULLY: Teddy's medical records have raised some questions.

STEVE HOLVEY: I can never say this to Maggie, but I've wondered if it wasn't Golda who snuck in and let Teddy out of the bathroom that day.

SCULLY: I'd like to interview your son Charlie, Mr. Holvey, but with a professional counsellor.

(She hands him a card on which is printed "Karen F. Kosseff, L.C.S.W., Psychiatric Social Worker, FBI ...")

STEVE HOLVEY: Oh boy. This is gonna be hard.

(At the Holvey house, Maggie and Steve are arguing in the next room, while Mulder and Scully are with Charlie, who sits at the kitchen table. Golda is at the kitchen stove, cooking something in a pot.)

STEVE HOLVEY: Maggie!

MAGGIE HOLVEY: What do they want? To take Charlie away from here?

STEVE HOLVEY: They just want him to talk to the social worker. She's expecting him.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Social worker? You know them. They'll put lies into Charlie's head.

STEVE HOLVEY: You're being unreasonable.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: You want to take him away from me. You blame me for Teddy, and now you want to take him away from me.

STEVE HOLVEY: I'm not gonna listen to this. This is ridiculous. If you want to come, you can, but I'm taking Charlie now.

(Golda discreetly sprinkles a powder into the pot, taken from a yellow envelope that she took from her apron pocket. Scully sees her.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: No, Steven. He's my son, too.

(As Golda brings the pot to serve Charlie, Scully steps forward.)

SCULLY: What was that?

STEVE HOLVEY: There's nothing more to say.

GOLDA: (to Scully) (Rumanian)

STEVE HOLVEY: (entering the kitchen with Maggie) Come on, Charlie. Let's get your coat.

GOLDA: (under her breath) (Rumanian)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: You have no right to do this!

STEVE HOLVEY: Maggie. (to Charlie) Come on. (to Mulder and Scully) We'll meet you out front.

(Maggie walks out. Scully eyes Golda suspiciously, then leaves.)

(Steve and Charlie enter the garage and get into the car.)

STEVE HOLVEY: OK. You buckled in there?

CHARLIE: Yeah.

STEVE HOLVEY: Good. (he tries the automatic garage door button mounted on the visor, but the garage door doesn't open) Damn it.

(He gets out of the car.)

(Mulder and Scully bring their car to the front of the house.)

(Steve gets a stepladder and climbs up to the garage door opener, throwing his tie over his shoulder. He tries the manual button on the opener a couple of times, but nothing happens. Below, the car doors lock shut mysteriously. The chain on the garage door opener suddenly starts, catching Steve's tie. It pulls him into it, and the ladder falls out from under him as Charlie screams.)

CHARLIE: No! No! Daddy! No! No!

(As Steve chokes and struggles, he kicks in the rear windshield of the car.)

CHARLIE: Daddy! No! Daddy! No!

(The garage door opens, and from out front Scully sees Steve hanging from the garage ceiling.)

SCULLY: Mulder!

(They get out of the car and run to the garage. Mulder grabs Steve's legs but it's too late.)

CHARLIE: Daddy! No! Daddy! No! Daddy! Daddy!




SCENE 5
(That night, still at the Holvey house, Scully closes the door to Maggie's bedroom as she sleeps on the bed with a doctor nearby. She approaches two policemen standing down the hall.)

POLICEMAN: See this?

(He opens the door to a room and Scully enters. There are many candles in the room. A table in the center of the room has two dead roosters on it as well as candles and other trinkets. She also sees the small stained glass with the reverse swastika. Through the window, Scully sees Golda standing next to a car as three men emerge, all dressed in black coats and wearing black hats. They converse briefly in Rumanian and Golda points toward the garage.)

(Scully enters the garage, where Mulder is on the stepladder collecting evidence from the garage door mechanism.)

SCULLY: Find anything?

MULDER: Yeah, maybe.

(He climbs down and hands her a plastic packet containing a black powder.)

SCULLY: Looks like ash.

MULDER: Yeah. It's everywhere. Look at this.

(He scrapes some from the top of the car.)

SCULLY: The Holveys said earlier that they had some problems with the wiring of the house. It could be from the motor shorted out ...

MULDER: No, I checked the motor. It's working fine.

SCULLY: Well, what do you think it is?

MULDER: I don't know, but I'm gonna have this analyzed.

SCULLY: Well, before we do anything, I think we should get Charlie out of this house. I just put a call into a social worker who's gonna come down and make a report.

MULDER: Uh, the courts are reluctant to intervene in these matters.

SCULLY: Not when a child is in danger ... and not after they see two dead roosters in the old woman's bedroom.

MULDER: Really? You still think this is Munchausen by Proxy, Scully?

SCULLY: Without a doubt. (the garage door starts to open) What did you do?

MULDER: I didn't do anything.

(As the door rises, on the other side they see Charlie, with Golda behind him and the three men next to her.)

GOLDA: Stay away from our house!

(She takes Charlie into the house.)

(Scully is in the office as Mulder enters with a piece of paper.)

MULDER: Hey. You want to see something weird?

SCULLY: What?

MULDER: Chem-lab analysis of the ash from the Holvey's house. (he hands her a graph with a flat horizontal line) No trace of any metal, no carbon, no oxygen, no nothing.

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MULDER: It contains nothing organic or inorganic. In fact, according to the technicians, this ash doesn't exist. (grabs his coat) Come on.

SCULLY: Where are we going?

MULDER: To get a second opinion.




SCENE 6
UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, COLLEGE PARK
(Back in Burk's office, he examines the powder.)

DR. BURK: Oh, wow. Haven't seen this for a while. Not since India, 1979.

SCULLY: India?

MULDER: Before Chuck succumbed to the glamours of academia, he did a tour of duty on the old hippie trail.

DR. BURK: It's called vibuti - holy ash. Technically, it's known as an apport - something that materializes out of thin air.

SCULLY: Wait a second. Nothing just materializes out of thin air.

DR. BURK: You've read the Bible? You remember the story about Jesus creating the loaves and the fishes?

SCULLY: Yeah, but that was a parable.

DR. BURK: In 1979, I witnessed a guru named Sai Baba create an entire feast out of thin air.

SCULLY: Too bad you didn't take a picture. You could have run it through your computer and seen the entire Last Supper.

(Mulder smiles broadly in reaction to Scully's joke.)

DR. BURK: Vibuti is, uh, created during the presence of spirit beings, or during bilocation, which is, uh, a phenomenon where a person's energy is transported to a different location.

MULDER: That energy could have been what set off the garage door opener.

DR. BURK: Yeah.

SCULLY: Yeah, that or somebody activated the remote control.

MULDER: Well, who are you suggesting did that?

SCULLY: Well, who was standing outside when the garage door opened unexpectedly on us yesterday?

MULDER: The old lady ... and Charlie.

(At the Holvey house, Charlie eavesdrops against the door to Golda's room. Inside, Golda and the three men chant in Rumanian. They stand around the table with the dead roosters and light matches, tossing them into a pot of reddish liquid in the center of the table. Golda pours a liquid into the pot, and smoke rises from it. In the smoke appears an image of Charlie, which yells in Rumanian at Golda and the men.)

(Maggie answers the front door to find Karen Kosseff.)

KAREN KOSSEFF: Mrs. Holvey? My name is Karen Kosseff. I'm a social worker with the FBI. I've been instructed to file a report for the court. May I come in?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (shaking her head) No. Please, I've already had enough trouble.

KAREN KOSSEFF: I understand, Mrs. Holvey, but if you won't talk to me, I'm going to have to put that in the report and it could very well complicate your situation.

(Maggie reluctantly lets Kosseff in.)

CHARLIE: (from upstairs, sounding frightened) Mommy!

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Charlie?

(They run upstairs, finding Charlie on the floor in front of Golda's door.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Oh my God! Charlie? It's OK, Charlie. (she takes him in her arms) It's OK. It's OK, Charlie. It's OK. (Kosseff catches up) He's been sick. My mother was supposed to be looking after him.

(They hear the chanting from Golda's room and see lights and smoke coming from underneath the door.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Mother! Mother!

(She throws open the door and sees Golda and the men, still performing their ritual.)

GOLDA: (to Maggie) (Rumanian)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Get out of my house.

GOLDA: (to Maggie) (Rumanian)

FIRST MAN: (also to Maggie) (Rumanian)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (hugging Charlie protectively) Get out!

(The men look at each other and at Golda. Golda nods and they leave.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (to Golda, still in the room) I have had enough, Mother. I want you out of my house.

GOLDA: [The boy's blood must be cleansed. It is the only way.]

(She grabs Charlie and pulls him into the room, closing and locking the door. Maggie pounds on the door.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (yelling) No! Mother! Mother!

(Inside, Golda picks up a large knife and pulls Charlie's hand to her. Charlie looks frightened.)

GOLDA: [We must finish this.]

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Mother!

(Kosseff has run outside as Mulder and Scully pull up in their car.)

KAREN KOSSEFF: Agent Scully. The grandmother's taken the child. She's locked him in the room with her. She may have a knife. I've called 9-1-1.

(They all run toward the house.)

MULDER: What happened?

KAREN KOSSEFF: There were three strange men. They were performing some kind of ritual.

(They hear Charlie yelling from upstairs.)

CHARLIE: No! No, Nana!

(Inside, Golda moves the knife toward Charlie's palm. Suddenly the candles all go out. Golda clutches Charlie to her and waves the knife at an unseen enemy and screams. She stops and hugs the boy.)

GOLDA: Mihai! Mihai! Mihai! It is the only way.

(She puts the knife to Charlie's palm again, but he screams and runs to the corner of the room and cowers. A table suddenly flies across the room, striking Golda. She falls.)

(Outside, Mulder and Scully reach Maggie, who is still pounding on the door. Mulder draws his gun.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Mama!

(Inside, Golda regains her senses to see Charlie standing over her, holding the two dead roosters.)

CHARLIE: Esiti din mina trup periti.

(He drops the roosters onto her and they suddenly become alive, squawking and pecking at her. Golda screams as she bleeds from the roosters' attack.)

(Mulder breaks in the door to find the room quiet and Charlie standing calmly next to the table. Maggie and Scully run to Golda, who lies dead on the floor. Two dead roosters are next to her.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (crying) Oh my God! Mama! Mama!

(Mulder stares at Charlie, who looks back at him impassively.)




SCENE 7
(Mulder and several policemen are collecting evidence in Golda's room. Mulder sniffs the contents of a glass container on the table. Scully enters.)

MULDER: Did you talk to Charlie?

SCULLY: He says he doesn't remember anything. Now, the coroner's preliminary report states that she died of a heart attack ... but those wounds, Mulder, I'd swear it looked like her eyes were pecked out.

MULDER: Well, there was more ash on the floor under the old woman's body, and look at this. (hands her the glass container)

SCULLY: What is it?

MULDER: It's mugwort. I think it's a ceremonial herb.

SCULLY: You think this was a ritual killing?

MULDER: No. The reverse swastika on the window and the red string around Charlie's wrist - those are protective devices.

SCULLY: Protection against what?

MULDER: I don't know, but I think the old woman knew the family was in trouble, and those men were here doing a ritual to help her.

(They hear Maggie yelling and head out to see what's going on.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: I told you before. Get out of my house!

(Maggie is downstairs with the men.)

FIRST MAN: (Rumanian)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: I am not interested in your superstition. Now get out. Now!!!

(The men go out the front door as Mulder and Scully come down the stairs.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Holvey?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: It's all right.

MULDER: Who are they?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: They are the Calusari. In Romania, they are responsible for the correct observance of sacred rites.

SCULLY: What did he say?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: He said it's not over. The evil is still here.

MULDER: Excuse me.

(Mulder goes out the front door and runs to catch up with the Calusari. He speaks to the first man, who is the head Calusari.)

MULDER: Sir? Can I have a word with you? Sir, I'm with the FBI. I'd like to ask you some questions.

(He flashes his badge but the Calusari continue to walk toward their car.)

MULDER: You were trying to protect the family, weren't you? You said there was still evil here. Sir? (grabs the head Calusari by the arm as he reaches the car) I can arrest you if I have to.

HEAD CALUSARI: The evil that is here has always been. It has gone by different names through history - Cain, Lucifer, Hitler. It does not care if it kills one boy or a million men. If you try to stop us, the blood will be on your hands.

(He gets in the car along with the other men and they pull off.)

(Later, Maggie Holvey stands at the mantlepiece, looking sadly at pictures of her family. Mulder and Scully enter.)

MULDER: Mrs. Holvey? I know this is a difficult time, but there are some questions that need to be answered.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: My mother used to say that evil follows evil. Once someone suffers a misfortune, they'll always have bad luck. I used to think that was just a superstition. Now I don't know what to believe. I blamed her, you know. for all that's happened. I thought maybe she was putting a curse on us to punish me.

SCULLY: Punish you for what?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: For abandoning the old ways. I was raised to believe as she did, in spirits, the unseen world. When I married Steve and came to this country, I left all that behind.

MULDER: Do you know what kind of ceremony she was performing upstairs?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (nods) She was trying to cleanse the house of evil. She thought Charlie was responsible somehow. (near tears) How could he be responsible for all this horror? He's just a little boy.

SCULLY: I think we should talk to Charlie and find out what happened in your mother's bedroom.

(Maggie nods.)




SCENE 8
ST. MATTHEW'S MEDICAL CENTER, ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA
(Karen Kosseff is talking to Charlie in a playroom in the center. Charlie sits quietly, playing with an Etch-a-Sketch. Mulder, Scully and Maggie are in an adjoining room, watching and listening.)

KAREN KOSSEFF: Charlie? I was told they found you in your grandmother's room yesterday. Can you tell me about it? (he shakes his head) Do you remember how you got there?

CHARLIE: No.

KAREN KOSSEFF: Your mother said you were there. Don't you remember?

CHARLIE: (sharply) I wasn't there.

(He gets up and walks away.)

KAREN KOSSEFF: Many people saw you in the room.

CHARLIE: It wasn't me! I wasn't there! It wasn't me!

(He kicks some toys across the room.)

KAREN KOSSEFF: Who was in the room?

CHARLIE: No!

KAREN KOSSEFF: Was there someone else in the room?

CHARLIE: No! I didn't hurt her!

KAREN KOSSEFF: Charlie? Charlie? Who hurt your grand ... Charlie?

CHARLIE: It was him!

KAREN KOSSEFF: Who? Charlie, who?

CHARLIE: It was Michael! Michael! Michael!

(Mrs. Holvey gasps and turns away from the window.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Holvey?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: We never told him. It was agreed upon. It was our secret.

MULDER: What secret, Mrs. Holvey? What are you talking about?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Michael. He was Charlie's twin. He was stillborn. Steven and I agreed never to tell Charlie about it. My mother, she wanted to perform a ritual of separation when she heard of Michael's death, to divide their souls. She said if we didn't, the world of the dead would follow Charlie. But it was just a superstition.

(Inside, Charlie is on the floor and Kosseff is trying to help him.)

KAREN KOSSEFF: Charlie? (to the others) Help! I need your help!

(They rush into the playroom.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Charlie?

KAREN KOSSEFF: He's having some kind of siezure.

SCULLY: Don't restrain him. Let's turn him on his side so he doesn't aspirate. Charlie, you're going to be OK.

(Later, Scully walks up stairs toward Mulder, who is standing on a landing beside a window. It is dark outside.)

MULDER: How's Charlie?

SCULLY: He's resting. How's Mrs. Holvey?

MULDER: I'm amazed she hasn't broken down completely. She's in the waiting room, trying to get some sleep.

SCULLY: The doctor said that Charlie had some kind of a siezure, but they've been unable to determine a cause.

(Charlie is lying in a hospital bed. A nurse pulls aside the dividing curtain, startling him.)

NURSE CASTOR: Oh, I'm sorry Charlie, I didn't mean to scare you. I'm Nurse Castor. Now, I'm just gonna give you a little something to help you sleep.

CHARLIE: No, I don't want a shot.

(She rubs antiseptic on his arm for the shot. Charlie struggles against her.)

NURSE CASTOR: I know, but that's what happens when you spit out your medicine. We have to give it to you some other way.

CHARLIE: No!

NURSE CASTOR: Now, Charlie, I just want you to relax. It's not gonna hurt, and afterwards I'll give you a sucker.

CHARLIE: Leave me alone!

NURSE CASTOR: Charlie, it'll just be a little pinch. Now, I want you to relax.

CHARLIE: Stop it!

NURSE CASTOR: Charlie, now, I want you to behave.

CHARLIE: Leave me alone.

(Across the room, "Michael", Charlie's twin, appears behind the door. Charlie sees him, but the nurse's back is to the door.)

NURSE CASTOR: Charlie, I want you to behave. Just relax.

CHARLIE: No! Don't do it! Don't do it!

("Michael" is approaching the nurse, carrying a metal medical stand.)

NURSE CASTOR: Charlie ...

CHARLIE: No, Michael! Michael, don't!

(Nurse Castor looks over her shoulder just as "Michael" hits her with the stand.)




SCENE 9
(Still at the hospital, Maggie is sleeping on a sofa in the waiting room. She is awakened by Charlie.)

CHARLIE: Mommy? I want to go home now.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Charlie? What are you doing up? Why are you dressed?

CHARLIE: They said I could go home now.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Who said that?

CHARLIE: The doctors. They said I could leave.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: All right, then. Let's just get your coat and we'll talk to the doctors.

(She gets up.)

CHARLIE: No, Mommy. Let's just go home - (firmly) now.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: OK, Charlie. We'll go straight home.

(She takes his hand and they walk out of the waiting room.)

(Mulder walks up the stairs to Scully, who is on the same stairway landing as earlier. Something out the window catches her attention.)

MULDER: What are you looking at?

SCULLY: Is that Mrs. Holvey?

MULDER: Where?

SCULLY: There. I think she's got Charlie with her.

(Down below, Mrs. Holvey is getting into her car. Charlie is in the front seat as well.)

(Mulder and Scully pull the curtain in Charlie's room to see that Charlie is still in his bed. They hear Nurse Castor, who is lying on the floor in the corner of the room.)

NURSE CASTOR: Uhhh ...

(Scully steps out into the hall to summon help while Mulder helps her up.)

SCULLY: (calling down the hall) Nurse!

MULDER: Are you all right?

NURSE CASTOR: He hit me.

SCULLY: Who? Charlie?

NURSE CASTOR: No ... not him, the other one. There were two of them, two boys.

(Another nurse arrives to help Nurse Castor. Mulder and Scully walk out and down the hallway.)

MULDER: You gotta get to Mrs. Holvey's house.

SCULLY: Why?

MULDER: That boy you saw leaving with Mrs. Holvey - that wasn't Charlie.

SCULLY: You're saying Mrs. Holvey left here with a ghost?

MULDER: A spirit, a ghost - I'm not sure but it's what we saw in the photograph. It's what the old woman was trying to protect the family from.

SCULLY: But, Mulder ...

MULDER: Whatever it is, it's killed three people, and you've got to get to Mrs. Holvey's before it happens again.

(Scully gets on the elevator.)

SCULLY: What are you gonna do?

MULDER: Get help.




SCENE 10
(Maggie is in her kitchen with who she thinks is Charlie, but is actually Michael. She puts some food in front of him.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: There you go, Charlie.

MICHAEL: Aren't you going to have some?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: No, dear. I'm not hungry.

MICHAEL: Tomorrow we can go to the park.

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Yes. Sure.

MICHAEL: Can I have a balloon?

(Maggie starts to look very uneasy.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Uh-huh.

MICHAEL: Can we ride the train, Mommy?

(Maggie looks very uneasy, as she has figured out something's wrong. She fumbles through a kitchen drawer to find some matches.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Now you finish up and mommy will be right back, OK?




SCENE 11
(Maggie is now in Golda's room. It is dark, and she lights a number of candles.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (chant in Rumanian)

(She now lights three matches and drops them into a bowl of liquid. They extinguish as they hit the liquid and float on the surface.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Please, God. Don't let it be true.

(One by one, the matches sink. She gasps when the last one sinks.)

MICHAEL: What are you doing, Mommy?

(She turns to see Michael standing in the doorway. There is a wind blowing in his hair.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (chants in Rumanian)

(She picks up a knife and holds it over her head, approaching Michael. The wind continues.)

MICHAEL: Mommy?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (continues to chant in Rumanian)

(Mulder waits in the hallway outside Charlie's room. Four Calusari enter the hall and walk toward him. He motions toward Charlie's room and they enter the room. Mulder follows.)




SCENE 12
HEAD CALUSARI: (to Mulder) Guard the door.

(Mulder closes the door.)

(Scully enters the Holvey's house. It is dark.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Holvey?

(She steps in, turning on a flashlight. She tries the light switch but the lights don't come on. She walks into the foyer and hears a noise from upstairs.)

SCULLY: Hello?

(Back at the hospital, the Calusari surround Charlie's bed and chant in Rumanian and pray. The head Calusari tears open Charlie's pajama shirt. Charlie seems to be asleep. As they continue to chant, one of the Calusari sprinkles a powder on Charlie's chest, and he awakens suddenly and hisses at them. The Calusari restrain him, two holding his arms while a third holds his head. The fourth, the head Calusari, sprinkles a herb into a bowl of liquid and it bubbles. Charlie continues to hiss and starts to thrash on the bed.)

CHARLIE: (loudly) Fie newt, avet a plaratariat. New potex ... new potex ... new potex. Suffragettes agitaball. Pulley tot allso puritay from freeditay. Suffragette a agitaball. Ohh saaa ... pu chette ... agitaball ... boy gotz.

(The head Calusari adds a red powder to the bowl of liquid. The liquid turns red and bubbles more violently, emitting smoke. Charlie continues to thrash about, while the other Calusari continue to chant.)

HEAD CALUSARI: (turning and gesturing to Mulder) Come. Hold him down.

(Mulder comes to the foot of the bed and holds Charlie's feet. Charlie continues to struggle, growls and gives Mulder an evil stare.)

HEAD CALUSARI: (to Mulder) Don't look at him. Look away, or it will recognize you.

(Mulder turns his head, seeing an orange liquid now covering the walls.)

(Back at the Holvey's, Scully opens the door to Golda's bedroom. The stained glass with the reverse swastika shakes, and both windows then blow in. Scully steps back and shields her eyes, then enters. A strong wind howls through the windows. She enters and pans the room with her flashlight. A glass object breaks at her feet. She hears faint chanting in Rumanian, and as she walks along the wall, her head is suddenly touched by a pair of feet. Startled, she spins away and looks up, seeing Maggie pinned against the ceiling by an unseen force. Maggie is chanting. Scully sees a shadow move across the wall and turns quickly back toward the window, but she sees no one. The door to the room suddenly slams shut. She gasps and turns toward the door.)

SCULLY: Charlie?

CHARLIE'S VOICE COMING FROM MAGGIE: Mommy?

(Scully shines her flashlight up at Maggie, who resumes chanting in Rumanian. Scully is picked up by an unseen force and slammed into the corner of the room, next to the window. She falls to the floor, and is then slid, along with some furniture, into the other corner.)

(Back at the hospital, the head Calusari unsheathes a large knife over the bowl of bubbling red liquid. Charlie now screams at them in Rumanian. Mulder continues to hold his feet. The bed starts to shake and rises several feet off the floor.)

CHARLIE: (screaming) It hurts!

(Mulder, responding to Charlie's cry, lets go of his feet.)

HEAD CALUSARI: (to Mulder) Do not let go. He tricks you.

(Mulder grabs Charlie's feet again. One of the Calusari squeezes a liquid into a small cup and hands it to the head Calusari. He adds the contents to the other bowl of liquid and picks up a white feather. As Charlie continues to scream, the head Calusari dips the feather into the red liquid and starts to paint a reverse swastika on Charlie's chest. He continues to scream, as the Calusari continue to chant.)

(At the Holvey's, Michael also screams and picks up the large knife from the floor. He advances toward Scully, the knife held high over his head. Scully shields her head with her arm and tries to twist away.)

(At the hospital, the head Calusari completes the reverse swastika on Charlie's chest. Charlie's body relaxes and the bed falls back to the floor.)

(At the Holvey's, the knife falls harmlessly to the floor next to Scully. The wind stops. Maggie falls to the floor as well. Scully goes to Maggie's aid.)

SCULLY: Are you all right?

MAGGIE HOLVEY: Charlie?

(They look across the room but no one else is there. There is gray ash on the floor and a small wisp of smoke drifting across the floor.)

(At the hospital, Charlie lies quietly on the bed with his eyes closed. He is covered with perspiration, as well as the reverse swastika painted on his chest in red.)

HEAD CALUSARI: Let the boy rest. We must find the mother. The boy needs her.

(The Calusari step away from the bed, leaving Mulder staring at Charlie.)

(Later, Mulder stands in the hallway outside Charlie's room. Scully and Maggie come off the elevator and run toward him.)

MULDER: Scully, you all right?

SCULLY: We're OK. How's Charlie?

(Maggie runs past him and enters Charlie's room, brushing past the head Calusari. It is now daylight outside.)

MAGGIE HOLVEY: (Romanian) Charlie! It's OK! Charlie!

(She runs to his bedside. Charlie is still sleeping but seems OK.)

HEAD CALUSARI: (to Mulder) It is over, for now. But you must be careful. It knows you.

(The head Calusari closes the door. Mulder and Scully stare at each other for a moment, then walk slowly down the hallway.)

MULDER: (voiceover) The strange case of Charlie Holvey and the deaths that occurred during his possession by a dark and malevolent force are unsolved ...

(Maggie sits on the bed beside the sleeping Charlie as the Calusari stand around the bed and chant.)

MULDER: (voiceover) ... The boy, who will celebrate his tenth birthday next month, remains under the watchful care of his mother. And though I believe him innocent of the crimes, I am disturbed by the warnings of the Calusari that neither innocence nor vigilance may be protection against the howling heart of evil.

[THE END]

SCENE 1
GUANACASTE RAIN FOREST; COSTA RICA
(A man lifts up the bark of a tree with a small stick and watches a bug crawl onto it. Hearing birds squawking, he looks up to see vultures hovering over another part of the woods close-by. He deposits the bug inside a glass casing alongside other live bugs, then closes the lid and locks the attache case that it is in. Picking up his backpack as well, he makes his way over to the site. Vultures peck at a dead warthog.)

ROBERT TORRENCE: Get away! Shoo! Get away, shoo!

(He waves the vultures off and kneels down next to the dead animal. Many small bugs of the same species crawl over the carcass and there are huge boils on the animal, signifying some sort of disease. He puts on his rubber gloves. The doctor squeezes at a huge, pulsating boil, which pops and sprays it's pus all over the doctor's face. The doctor gasps in shock, then spits some out of his mouth and wipes his face. Taking off his glasses, he opens his bag and collects a few of the bugs for analysis. Later, at nightfall, he uses his transmitter radio.)

R.B.P. field base, come in.

(Static. He presses down on the button again.)

Field base, come in, please.

(More static leaks through, so he tries again.)

This is Doctor Robert Torrence with the biodiversity project... requesting immediate evacuation from Sector Z-one-five. This is a medical emergency. Please respond.

(His face and neck is covered with the same boils as the warthog had been covered with in the spots that the pus hit him.)

I repeat... Doctor Robert Torrence... biodiversity project. Immediate evacuation from Sector Z-one-five.




SCENE 2
7 HOURS LATER
(Troops make their way through the thick jungle.)

MAN #1: Espera momento. (TRANSLATION: "Wait a minute.")

(They stop.)

Oyeron eso? (TRANSLATION: "Do you hear that?")

(They listen to the vultures squawking.)

Vamanos. Sigenme. (TRANSLATION: "Let's go. Follow me.")

(They run in the direction of the squawking and find vultures leaning over another body. They shoot in the air to scare them off. They look down at the carcass of Robert Torrence, whose face has been horrible ripped apart and has the same pulsating boils, covered with the same bugs.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 3
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(A guard walks up the long, cold ramps into a dark hallway with many rooms. He stops at a door and opens up the latch.)

WINSTON: Hey, Bobby? You got some mail.

BOBBY TORRENCE: Don't waste my time, Winston, both of us know I ain't got nobody.

WINSTON: Could be those baptists from Annandale. I hear they been sending fruitcake.

(He slides the package through the hole and shuts the opening. Bobby reluctantly picks up the package, adressed to:

"NOT APPLICABLE NOT APPLICABLE
(804) 555-922
ROBERT TORRENCE
(crossed out section) Cumberland
Correctional Facility
Dinwiddie County
5300"

He opens it up and finds a bloodied newspaper. He unrolls it to find a dead warthog leg. He grunts, drops it and kicks it across the room, then starts yelling out through the hole.)

BOBBY TORRENCE: Hey, Winston! You think this is funny? What kind of crap you trying to pull here? Get this thing out of my crib! Winston! Winston! Winston!

(Nobody hears his screams. Time passes, and Bobby lays on his bed, unable to sleep. He hears a slurping noise and looks over at the warhog leg sitting in the brightened corner of the room. A boil pulsates, about to burst. Gasping in a sort of terror, he stares at it. Later, in the med lab, two doctors in containment suits look over Bobby, who has the same disease now.)

OSBOURNE: When was he exposed?

SIMON AUERBACH: Eighteen hours ago.

OSBOURNE: I've never heard of anything incubating so quickly.

BOBBY TORRENCE: Where's the prison doc? I want to see the prison doc...

SIMON AUERBACH: We're specialists, Mister Torrence.

BOBBY TORRENCE: What's wrong with me?

(Osbourne measures a pustule on Torrence's neck.)

OSBOURNE: Five centimeters. They appear fairly uniform.

SIMON AUERBACH: Basal temperature?

OSBOURNE: One-o-three point five. Oxygen saturation... eighty-one percent.

BOBBY TORRENCE: Sssss, what's wrong with me?

SIMON AUERBACH: Try and relax, Mister Torrence. We're here to help you.

(Winston opens up Bobby's cell and two men walk in, wheeling a laundry bin.)

WINSTON: Put the sheets in the cart. Make sure you get all them pillows too. I'll be back in five minutes.

(He walks out. One of the prisoners, Paul, looks out the doorway at him.)

PAUL: We'll be here.

(The door slams down the hallway.)

See that? He couldn't clear out of here fast enough.

STEVE: The whole cell block's empty.

PAUL: Yeah, McGuire says they're full up at the infirmary. Bringing in more beds.

STEVE: Yeah, well... there's probably something going around.

(He puts the sheets in the bin.)

PAUL: Maybe.

STEVE: Why? Do you know something?

PAUL: I know the sheets ain't going to the laundry. McGuire says they're going to some kind of incinerator.

STEVE: But the laundry pick-up's still happening?

(Paul nods. Steve smiles and laughs a little. More time passes, and an armed guard lead Mulder and Scully down a flight of stairs, followed by more men.)

SCULLY: According to my briefing, the prisoners escaped by hiding in a laundry cart.

MULDER: I don't think the guards are watching enough prison movies.

SCULLY: And they're both serving life terms. Murder convictions.

(The guard picks up the phone near the door and the end of the stairwell.)

GUARD: Everybody's here.

(The door buzzes and opens. They walk through and down the hall a little. Mulder looks through a door window at men in containment suits.)

MULDER: I thought this was about escaped prisoners.

SCULLY: It is.

MULDER: Then who are the men in the funny suits?

(Scully looks through as well.)

SCULLY: I don't know. Looks like some kind of de-con situation.

(The door in back of them swings open and more guards walk in, led by U.S. Marshal Tapia.)

TAPIA: F.B.I. run out of crooked politicians to sting?

MULDER: Excuse me?

(A guard hands Tapia a clipboard.)

TAPIA: Mulder and, uh, Scully?

SCULLY: That's right. We have orders to work with the federal marshals on this manhunt.

TAPIA: Either of you two ever run an escaped convict operation?

MULDER: No.

TAPIA: Well, then you'd be a real big help if you just try to stay out of the way.

(He turns to leave.)

MULDER: Oh, we'd be happy to as soon as we can talk to someone in charge.

(Tapia marches back up to them.)

TAPIA: I'm in charge here.

MULDER: Apparently not or you'd know why our involvement was requested.

SCULLY: We don't know why we've been sent here. Maybe if we talked to the warden or someone...

TAPIA: Well, no one's here. The prison's been taken over by the national guard. They closed off most of the facility.

SCULLY: Why?

TAPIA: I don't know why. The federal marshal's business isn't in here, it's out there, trying to catch those two convicts.

(Everyone walks out except for the two agents.)

MULDER: Where did this case originate, Scully?

SCULLY: It came out of Skinner's office.

MULDER: Did he say why he gave it to us?

SCULLY: No, why?

MULDER: Well, this isn't the type of thing the F.B.I. normally gets called in on. I got a feeling we're not being told the entire story here.

SCULLY: I've got the same feeling, Mulder.

(Mulder looks back at the room with the containment-suited doctors.

MULDER: Do you think you could get in there and find out what's going on?

SCULLY: I can try. Where are you going?

MULDER: To see if I can get in the way.

(He walks out past an armed guard.)




SCENE 4
REST STOP; VIRGINIA
(A camper pulls up and the typical American family unloads.)

MAN: Hey, you girls go with Mom. See you in a few minutes.

(While the two daughters run off with their mother to the bathroom, the father walks into the men's lavatory. As he walks in, Paul steps down from the toilet and opens up the stall. The women of the family run out of the bathroom to see their camper driving off.)

WOMAN: Robert? Robert? Robert!

(Steve, sitting in the passanger seat, hoots and hollers as they drive off, the mother chasing them.)

Robert! Robert, hey!




SCENE 5
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(Scully talks through a glass pane to a doctor.)

OSBOURNE: I'm sorry, this is a restricted area.

SCULLY: Who are you?

OSBOURNE: Doctor Osbourne.

SCULLY: Are you the prison doctor?

OSBOURNE: No.

SCULLY: Who do you work for?

OSBOURNE: The C.D.C.

SCULLY: You work for the Centers for Disease Control? What are you doing here?

(Osbourne sighs and starts off. Scully bangs on the door.)

Sir! I'm a medical doctor. I want to know what's going on here.

(He turns back. She bangs on the door again.)

Sir, if you don't let me in, a lot of people in Washington are going to find out that you're conducting a secret quarantine in here.

(Osbourne unlocks the door, opens it slightly, and looks at her.)

OSBOURNE: I'm under strict orders.

SCULLY: So am I.

(She pushes past him, opening the door. She walks rapidly down the hall, him trying to keep up.)

OSBOURNE: All I can tell you is that there is a flu-like illness spreading among some of the prisoners.

SCULLY: How many people are infected?

OSBOURNE: Fourteen men so far.

SCULLY: Any deaths?

OSBOURNE: Ten of the fourteen.

(She stops and looks at him, amazed.)

SCULLY: What are the chances the men who escaped are infected?

(He looks at her, then starts down the hall. She gasps and follows.)




SCENE 6
REST STOP; VIRGINIA
(Mulder walks past many government officials from the federal marshal's office. The woman sobs in the background. Mulder's cellular phone rings and he answers it.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Scully, who is standing outside a room where doctors are tending to the patients.)

SCULLY: Mulder, it's me. I'm starting to get a picture of what's going on here.

(Cut to Mulder, who walks around towards the bathroom.)

MULDER: What did you find?

SCULLY: There seems to be some kind of...

(Cut back to Scully.)

...deadly contagion sweeping the lockdown population.

MULDER: Deadly? How deadly?

(Scully looks at an infected man inside a thick glass casing being wheeled in by another man in a containment suit.)

SCULLY: Well, from what I've seen so far, thirty-six hours after infection, deadly.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Well, is there a chance any of the escaped men were infected?

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: The exact nature of this thing...

(Cut back to Mulder, who starts towards the bathroom again.)

...or how it is spread is unclear. So is their exposure to it and any danger they might pose.

MULDER: I'd say these guys are a danger in any event.

(He looks down at the body of the father, whose face is ripped open. A pool of blood rests under his head.)

Call me as soon as you know anything.

(He hangs up. Cut to Scully, who does the same. Auerbach walks up to her, followed by Osbourne.)

SIMON AUERBACH: I don't care who you are or what your business is, I want you out of here right now.

SCULLY: Not until I get some answers.

SIMON AUERBACH: You're in violation of federal statutes.

SCULLY: I'm a federal agent, sir.

SIMON AUERBACH: Who were you on the phone to?

SCULLY: To my partner, who needs to know if the men he's pursuing are infected.

SIMON AUERBACH: That information is unavailable.

SCULLY: Well, then I want to see charts and I want access to the infirmary.

SIMON AUERBACH: You see what I let you see.

(He storms off. Osbourne looks at her for a second, then follows his colleague. Scully looks over at a medical table and takes some rubber gloves and a doctor's mask.)




SCENE 7
GAS STATION; VIRGINIA
(The camper is being pumped full of gas. The cashier checks his watch and reads his magazine. Cut to the house of a woman named Elizabeth, who cradles her young son and picks up the phone as it rings.)

ELIZABETH: Hello?

(Cut to Paul, who stands at a payphone outside the gas station.)

PAUL: I'm free, baby.

(Cut to Elizabeth.)

ELIZABETH: Paul?

PAUL: Listen, I'm gonna...

ELIZABETH: Where are you?

(Cut to Paul.)

PAUL: I'm coming home.

(Cut back to Elizabeth.)

ELIZABETH: What are you talking about?

(Cut to Paul.)

PAUL: I'm coming to get you.

(Cut to Elizabeth, who smiles and nearly laughs.)

ELIZABETH: What? What?

(The cashier, Angelo Garza looks at the camper nervously and walks outside. He peeks into the driver's seat.)

ANGELO GARZA: Yo! Anybody in here?

(He walks around a little and looks in again. He goes over to the bathroom and knocks on the door.)

Hello?

(A man groans inside. The cashier walks in and sees Steve lying on the floor in pain, a giant pustule on his cheek.)

Hey, man... you okay?

(The cashier kneels down and looks at him.)

You look messed up!

(Steve walks up behind him quietly. He raises up a makeshift weapon and the cashier turns around, gasping.)




SCENE 8
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(Scully peeks through the small window on the door to the incinerator room and then walks inside. Scully puts on her rubber gloves and walks slowly around to a pile of bodies in bags, putting on her protective doctor's garb. Inside a bag labeled "001 - Torrence" sits the dead body of Bobby Torrence. She opens up the bag with a knife. Suddenly, Osbourne grabs her arm and spins her around. She screams in fright.)

OSBOURNE: You can't be down here!

(He tries to close the bag.)

SCULLY: I need to know what these men are dying from. You said this was some kind of flu-like illness. What are these?

(She pulls off her mask.)

OSBOURNE: Please! Please! These bodies should not be exposed.

SCULLY: Do all of the victims have these boils?

(He pushes her away, but she walks right back up to him.)

You're burning the bodies, why?

(A boil explodes on Torrence's face, covering Osbourne with it's contents. He gasps in horror and runs out of the room and down the hall. Scully runs after him.)

Doctor Osbourne, wait!




SCENE 9
GAS STATION; VIRGINIA
(Morning. The birds chirp and all is relatively peaceful. The sign swings gently in the wind. The gas pump nozzle still sits in the camper. The silence is broken by three blue cars speeding into the area and screeching to a halt, surrounding the area. The marshals exit their cars, cocking their shotguns and slowly move in on the camper. Other officials surround the camper, aiming handguns. Mulder runs by. The main store is canvassed as well by the authority figures. The camper door swings open and a man runs in, pointing his gun.)

MAN: Freeze! Hands in the air! Freeze!

(Searching the camper, he finds it is empty. He swings open the bathroom door as other men make their way into the camper.)

Freeze! Clear.

(Mulder bursts the bathroom door open to see the attendant in pain on the ground, struggling to get up due to his head wound.)

MULDER: We've got a man down! He's alive.

(Tapia tries to work a soft drink machine as Mulder walks up to him.)

The attendant's name is Angelo Garza. He took a nice crack to the head but he's talking.

(They start walking, followed by other officials.)

TAPIA: Yeah, well, he's lucky they didn't kill him.

MULDER: Kid's got a lot of hair, probably absorbed the blow. He found one of the men in pain on the bathroom floor with a large boil on his face.

(They stop.)

There's a contagion at the prison, these men could be infected.

(Tapia looks at one of his deputies.)

TAPIA: Get on the horn, see what anybody knows about that.

(They walk up to two men standing by a map on the car hood.)

All right, they took the kid's keys, they got in the safe. They got money, the kid's car, possibly a firearm and they got a big head start.

MULDER: Any idea where they're headed?

TAPIA: There are twenty-three possible roads and thoroughfares.

(Mulder looks around.)

MULDER: Either of these guys got a girlfriend, you know?

TAPIA: I wish I could tell you but those records are locked up in the prison. Unless we can access them, this is Smokey and the Bandit.

MULDER: Well, if they had girlfriends, they'd probably try to call them. You think of that?

(Mulder walks up to the payphone and presses zero. It rings.)

OPERATOR: Bell Atlantic Operator, how may I help you?

MULDER: I'm a federal agent assisting in a manhunt for two escaped prisoners. My badge number is J-T-T-o-four-seven-one-o-one-one-one-one. I need to know the last call made from this booth.

OPERATOR: All right, sir...

(Her voice is overpowered by the helicopter landing on the field next to the payphone.)

MULDER: Can you repeat that, please?

(The operator says it again as Tapia and other officials start towards the copter.)

All right, thank you.

(He hangs up and looks at four containment-suited men running towards Garza with a thick glass casing. They burst into the bathroom and put the man into the casing. Tapia runs to them, screaming over the helicopter blades.)

TAPIA: What's going on here? Hey, what are you guys doing here? What the hell is going on here?

(The men ignore him and start back to the helicopter as Garza bangs on the sides frantically, screaming.)

Who authorized this? Hey!

(Mulder runs up to a clean-suited man, who pushes him away.)

MULDER: What's going on here, what's going on?

ANGELO GARZA: Where are they taking me? Help!

MULDER: Who are you?

(The last man closes the door to the helicopter and they fly off.)

TAPIA: Hey! Did you order this?

MULDER: No!

TAPIA: Then who the hell did?

MULDER: I don't know, but there was a call made from that phone booth about two hours bago. I got an address and phone number from Dinwittie County.

(He hands Tapia a notepad, which reads:

"925
August St.
555-6936")




SCENE 10
925 AUGUST ST.
(Paul and Steve drive up, honking their horn. Elizabeth runs out the door excitedly and puts her son down.)

ELIZABETH: Wait here, sweetie. Be right back.

(She looks at Paul as he gets out of the car.)

I thought you were B.S.ing me!

PAUL: I'm gone, sweet thing!

(She gasps as he runs up to her and hugs her tightly.)

They ain't never taking me back.

ELIZABETH: I ain't going to let them.

(They kiss.)

BOY: Mommy! Mommy!

ELIZABETH: I'm coming, sweetie! Daddy's home. Come on.

(She tries to pull him into the house but he leads her back to the car.)

PAUL: I got somebody with me.

ELIZABETH: What?

(He opens the door as Steve groans, boils over a good portion of his face. Elizabeth looks at him in disgust.)

What's wrong with him?

PAUL: I don't know. He's out of it.

(She puts her hand on his forehead.)

ELIZABETH: Oh, hell, he's burning up.

PAUL: We got to get him in the house.




SCENE 11
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(Scully is on the cellular phone in the incinerator room, carrying the package and pacing. Bobby's head is still exposed.)

SCULLY: Yes, I'm trying to trace the origin of a package that was sent to Robert Torrence at the Cumberland State Correctional Facilit in Virginia. Y, yeah. The packaging number is D-D-P-one-one-two-one-four-eight. Sure, I'll hold.

(She waits.)

Yeah.

(A man talks on the other end.)

The package was sent from Wichita, Kansas? Did you record the name of the sender?

(He tells her something.)

Could you check that again, please?

(More talking.)

Thank you.

(She hangs up and dials another number. Cut to Mulder, who is sitting in the passanger seat of a car. His phone rings and he takes it out.)

MULDER: Yeah.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: What do you know about Pinck Pharmaceuticals?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: Uh, it's one of, if not the biggest manufacturer of drugs in America. Why?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: They sent a package to a prisoner here who may have been the first victim of the contagion.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Any idea what was in the package?

SCULLY: No, it's empty.

(He leans back and thinks.)

MULDER: Scully, from the description we got, one of the prisoners had a large, purple-ish inflammation on his face.

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: That sounds like what I'm finding on all the victims in here. Do you know what that means, Mulder?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: Yeah, it could spread. I, I, I need to know more about it.

(Cut back to Scully.)

How it's transmitted.

SCULLY: I'm on it.

(She hangs up and looks at the body. She notices something inside the popped boil and pulls out her tweezers. After pulling down her mask, she reaches into the boil and pulls out one of the bugs that had been transmitting the disease before.)




SCENE 12
925 AUGUST ST.
(Steve lays on a bed, his boils incredibly large now.)

STEVE: Got to go. Got to keep moving.

(Elizabeth pats his head down with a cold compress.)

ELIZABETH: Paul... Paul, he's awake. Paul, come here.

(He grabs her wrist and pulls her close. His boil starts to throb.)

STEVE: You got to help me. I, I'm, I'm burning up here. Please, I'm...

(The boil pops, spraying it's diseased pus all over her face. She tries to wipe it off and runs into the bathroom, her son watching her.)

ELIZABETH: Ahh! Paul! Ahh! Oh!

(She desperately tries to wash off the spray on her face, rubbing water all over her face rapidly then drying quickly. She runs into the main room.)

Paul! Paul! Paul!

(The door is kicked open by marshals. She screams as they surround her, all screaming at once. She gets down on the ground at their orders, which are illegible, mingled in with so many others. They cuff her as her son cries. Mulder walks out of the bedroom over to Tapia, who has his gun trained on Elizabeth like the rest of them.)

MULDER: We've got one dead prisoner in the bedroom. The other one's gone.

(She looks up at her crying son.)




SCENE 13
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(Scully watches through the window of the door to the medical room as Garza is brought over, lying in his glass casing. Osbourne walks up to her and puts his hand on her shoulder.)

OSBOURNE: Come with me.

SCULLY: Why? What's going on?

OSBOURNE: Just come with me.

(They walk off to a separate medical lab. He closes the door.)

SCULLY: What the hell is going on?

(Osbourne pulls down the right part of his shirt slightly to reveal a huge boil gestating underneath.)

OSBOURNE: I've been infected and they're not letting me out. The entire prison's been quarantined.

SCULLY: By who, the C.D.C.?

OSBOURNE: The C.D.C. has nothing to do with this.

(He walks away a little, Scully watching him intently.)

It's the company. They're behind everything.

SCULLY: Pinck Pharmaceuticals. You work for Pinck Pharmaceuticals?

(He nods.)

How did this happen?

OSBOURNE: We finance exploration of new species from the rain forest with potential drug applications. Three months ago, a field entomologist disappeared in Costa Rica.

SCULLY: Disappeared how?

OSBOURNE: We're not sure. He just sent us some samples of an insect.

SCULLY: Like this?

(She pulls out a capsule with the bug inside.)

I found this buried in one of the dead prisoners.

(He takes it.)

OSBOURNE: Faciphaga Emasculata. We were interested in it because of the dilating enzyme it secretes.

(She holds it up.)

SCULLY: Is this what caused the outbreak?

OSBOURNE: No, no, not precisely.

(He sits down in front of a microscope.)

The F. Emasculata is a parasitoid, a bug that carries a parasite. In this case, a deadly parasite that attacks the immune system. The pustules are part of the natural reproductive cycle. They're full of the larvae that you see there in the scope.

(She looks through and sees tiny larvae crawling around.)

SCULLY: So the contagion only spreads when the pustules erupt and the larvae that are expelled burrow into the new host.

(She looks at him.)

OSBOURNE: Agent Scully... you were there when the pustule erupted on me... which means you may also be infected.

(Her mind races.)




SCENE 14
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Mulder knocks on the door to Skinner's office. Skinner stands.)

SKINNER: Come in.

(Mulder walks in.)

MULDER: Thank you for seeing me at this late hour, sir.

SKINNER: What is it, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: This case we've been assigned, I believe we've been misled, possibly decieved.

SKINNER: Decieved? By whom?

MULDER: Whoever originated the case.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: What is the accusation, Agent Mulder?

(Mulder looks over to a darkened part of the room where a lamp partly illuminates the shadowy figure of the Cigarette-Smoking Man, who sits at a chair. He lights a cigarette. Mulder's eyes widen in realization. He looks at Skinner briefly then walks over to the shadowy man.)

MULDER: That Agent Scully and I were sent on this manhunt without knowledge of the existence or nature of a contagion.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: What is the exact nature of the contagion?

MULDER: It's deadly. It kills within thirty-six hours. One escaped convict was infected. He's dead now. The other man may be infected and he's on the loose.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Does anyone know how it's communicated, whether it's a virus or bacteria?

MULDER: No, we just know that over a dozen men have died from it and it appears to be highly contagious.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: Then you don't know much, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: Why weren't we told the truth?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: We didn't know the truth. What we knew would only have slowed you down.

MULDER: But innocent people could be infected! What you knew could have prevented that.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: How?

(Mulder tries to say something but the Cigarette-Smoking Man cuts him off.)

In 1988, there was an outbreak of hemmoragic fever in Sacramento, California. The truth would have caused panic. Panic would have cost lives. We controlled the disease by controlling the information.

MULDER: You can't protect the public by lying to them.

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: It's done every day.

MULDER: I won't be a party to it.

(Mulder starts out, looking at Skinner.)

How about you?

CIGARETTE-SMOKING MAN: You're a party to it already.

(Mulder stops.)

How many people are being infected while you stand here, not doing your job?

(Mulder turns around.)

Ten? Twenty? What's the truth, Agent Mulder?

(Mulder glares at Skinner briefly and walks out, slamming the door. Mulder walks to his car but the seatbelt won't work. As much as he pulls, it won't move so he throws it back in anger. The phone rings and he picks it up.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Scully as Osbourne prepares some tests in the back.)

SCULLY: Mulder, they're enforcing a full quarantine.

(Cut to Mulder, who switches ears and speaks forcefully.)

MULDER: What?

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: One of the epidimiologists who claimed to be with the C.D.C. told me that this was no accident.

(Cut back to Mulder.)

Pinck Pharmaceuticals is here trying to clean it up quietly...

(Cut back to Scully.)

...and the government would have to know about it.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Do you have proof of that?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: Why else would the national guard be here?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

They're protecting Pinck Pharmacuetical.

MULDER: Okay, listen, Scully. I need to know how this happened. I want you to start documenting everything you can get your hands on.

(Cut back to Scully.)

People have to know about the cover-up.

SCULLY: The public?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

MULDER: It's a public health crisis.

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder, we can't leak this, not until we know more.

(Cut to Mulder.)

The fugitive that you're looking for...

(Cut back to Scully.)

He might not even be infected.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: Yeah, but what if he is?

SCULLY: If this gets out...

(Cut to Scully.)

...prematurely, the panic is going to spread faster than the contagion. Mulder, we can't let this be known.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: What if someone dies because we witheld what we knew?

(Cut to Scully.)

SCULLY: What if someone dies because we didn't?

(Cut back to Mulder.)

There'll be a time for the truth, Mulder, but this isn't it.

(Mulder sighs.)

MULDER: Are you okay in there, Scully?

(Cut to Scully, who tenses up.)

SCULLY: Yeah. I'm okay. All I want you to worry about is capturing that fugitive.

(Cut to Mulder.)

Take care of yourself, Mulder.

(They hang up. Cut to Scully, who turns around and watches Osbourne put the specimen of Faciphaga Emasculata into a small plastic casing. Taking off her coat, she sits down.)

OSBOURNE: If you're not infected, you should leave immediately.

SCULLY: And if I am?

(He looks at her for a second, then looks away.)

OSBOURNE: The parasite is undetectable in the bloodstream. This is the only way to test whether or not you've been infected.

(He puts a small casing onto her arm and puts the the bug inside, the bottom open so the bug may crawl around on her skin.)

These uninfected insects act as incubators.

(He tapes it down.)

Now, the insect's bite won't infect you. The contagion can only be contracted through exposure to the larvae.

SCULLY: How long will this take?

OSBOURNE: Thirty minutes... and another two hours before the parasite reproduces enough for us to see it.

(She breathes heavily, looking down at the insect as it begins to lay it's eggs.)




SCENE 15
DINWIDDIE COUNTY HOSPITAL
(Elizabeth sits in a confined chamber. On all sides of the chamber are windows. Mulder stands on one side.)

MULDER: Elizabeth? My name is Fox Mulder, I'm with the F.B.I. Where did Paul go, Elizabeth?

ELIZABETH: I don't know.

MULDER: I think you do know.

(He sits down across from her.)

And I think you know why you're in here. How are you feeling?

ELIZABETH: I'm fine.

(Mulder nods.)

MULDER: Steve felt fine too. Didn't take long for that to change.

ELIZABETH: You're just trying to scare me.

MULDER: You should be scared. If I were you, I'd be scared.

ELIZABETH: You're lying!

MULDER: No, Paul is the one who is lying and if he's infected, a lot of people are going to die.

ELIZABETH: If that's true, how come it's not on TV? How come they're not telling everybody?

MULDER: That's not my decision.

ELIZABETH: Well, whose decision is it? You knew about it and you didn't say anything! Why should I tell the truth if you won't?

MULDER: Elizabeth, Paul is out there somewhere. I have to find him. Now, you can help me... or not.

(She looks at him, smirking. A few minutes later, Mulder rushes out of the room past Tapia, who walks with him.)

He's on a ten o'clock bus to Toronto, she was supposed to be with him.

TAPIA: That bus depot's over a half-hour from here, even doing ninety.

(He turns to one of his officers.)

Get on that phone with the local P.D., I want every man they've got!

(Mulder stops him.)

MULDER: No! No, they don't know what they're dealing with. If he's infected, he could spread it. What we need know is control.

(Mulder and Tapia start off.)




SCENE 16
BUS DEPOT
(The woman at the ticket desk is rightfully nervous at the hacking, coughing sickly man in front of her.)

WOMAN: Toronto, one way?

PAUL: Yes.

(She tries not to stare at the boil on his face but can't help herself. He notices her stare and turns away, towards the people in back of him.)




SCENE 17
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(Scully sighs in relief a few times as Osbourne takes off the capsule.)

OSBOURNE: Now, once we harvest the blood from the insect...

(He gasps and groans, his body tensing.)

SCULLY: What?

(Osbourne falls to the floor. Scully kneels down beside him, trying to help. As she lifts his head off the ground, she notices that the boil on his neck is incredibly huge now.)

OSBOURNE: The toxins... they're moving into my brain just like it did on the prisoners. I don't have much longer. I need you to help me.

SCULLY: What do you want me to do?

(He gasps for air and struggles to his feet. Later, down the hall, Osbourne is in a glass casing.)

OSBOURNE: Go on. You have to complete the test.

SCULLY: Why did you confide in me?

OSBOURNE: It's not a secret I feel like taking to the grave. People have a right to know the danger we've put them in. If your test comes back negative... you have to tell them.

SCULLY: How can I prove it?

OSBOURNE: I don't know. But if you don't... it'll just happen again. Don't believe for a second... that this is an isolated incident.

(She stares at him as the respirator wheezes. Back in the private lab, Scully continues tests on the bug, harvesting the blood that it drew out of her. She puts a few drops down on a microscope slide and places it under the microscope. She pauses, hoping desperately, before looking into the scope. Her eyes scan through her goggles for a moment, then she pulls off the goggles and mask, breathing heavily. She sighs in relief. Walking out into the hallway excitedly, she finds that Osbourne is gone.)




SCENE 18
BUS DEPOT
(A young boy runs through the terminal, his mother giving chase.)

ANNOUNCER: Attention please, bus number nine...

MOTHER: Will you wait a second?

BOY: I don't want to miss the bus.

(The boy runs over to the side of a train with a sign over it that reads "Gate 20; Toronto" and puts his bag down.)

MOTHER: You see that? They're still loading the luggage, you're not missing anything.

(The boy runs over to the door.)

You have enough time to give your mother a kiss goodbye.

(He looks around and gives his mom a kiss on the cheek. She reciprocates. He is about to rush off when she grabs his wrist and holds up the ticket.

Wait. Ticket.

(He takes it, both of them laughing. He boards the bus.)

Be careful! Say hi to Uncle Jake!

(They wave to each other. The boy makes his way to the back when a hand grabs his arm.)

BOY: Hey!

(He looks at the sickly Paul, whose boil is now incredibly large, about ready to pop.)

PAUL: What's the time?

(The boy looks at his watch.)

BOY: Twenty to ten.

(Paul slowly lets go of the boy's arm. The boy runs to the back.)




SCENE 19
CUMBERLAND STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY; DINWIDDIE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
(Doctor Auerbach opens the door to the incinerator. Men start to load the bodies in. Scully walks in as the first body is deposited into the incinerator.)

SCULLY: What are you doing?

SIMON AUERBACH: This material has been confiscated and will be destroyed according to standard C.D.C. procedure.

SCULLY: You don't work for the C.D.C.

(He looks at her, smirking.)

Where's Doctor Osbourne?

(He looks down at the floor briefly and looks away. She looks down at the nearest bag, which has a label that reads "017 - Osbourne." Osbourne is the next body to be thrown into the incinerator as she looks on in horror.)

He told me what happened here.

SIMON AUERBACH: What happened here was unavoidable.

SCULLY: Well, we'll leave that up to others to decide.

SIMON AUERBACH: Doctor Osbourne is dead. No one in this room will corroborate your story. Just be glad this thing's under control.

(The last body loaded, a man shuts the door as the bodies burn inside, erasing all trace of the disease.)




SCENE 20
BUS DEPOT
(Mulder and company pull up and walk inside. They fan out, searching the rows of people for Paul. Finding no sight of him, Mulder goes to the ticket woman. Tapia scans the next room until Mulder walks up to him.)

MULDER: He's here. He bought a ticket to Toronto.

TAPIA: Son of a bitch.

MULDER: And he's infected.

(Mulder's phone rings. He picks it up as Tapia walks away.)

MULDER: Mulder.

(Cut to Scully, still down in the depths of the prison.)

SCULLY: Mulder... I think everything here is under control.

(Cut to Mulder.)

MULDER: You okay, Scully?

SCULLY: Yeah.

(Cut to Scully.)

Have you found the second prisoner?

MULDER: Yeah, he's headed to Toronto.

SCULLY: He's alive? Mulder, listen to me. Everything here has been destroyed.

(Cut to Mulder.)

Any evidence whatsoever of a cover-up has been incinerated. That prisoner is the last man who can possibly connect the conspirators.

MULDER: But he's infected. He's going to die.

(Cut back to Scully.)

SCULLY: If you want the truth, Mulder, he's going to have to make a statement.

(Cut to Mulder as he pulls the phone away from his ear. The name of the destination on the sign of the bus shifts from Thunder Bay to Toronto. Marshals walk around in the back and climb out of other buses. People unload off the other buses as all of Tapia's men start to gain strategic positions. Tapia, in the doorway, waves the people out. Mulder walks up to him.)

MULDER: Hold your men back.

TAPIA: What?

MULDER: I'm getting on the bus.

TAPIA: We've got the situation controlled. That bus isn't going anywhere.

MULDER: There are other passangers on board. The prisoner sees a uniform, he could panic. He panics and innocent people die.

TAPIA: What do you want to do?

MULDER: I get on the bus, I take the seat directly behind the prisoner, I put my gun to his head, I make an announcement to clear the bus.

(Tapia smiles a little and tilts his head as if to say "it could work." On the bus, the boy plays his pocket video game machine as Mulder gets on the bus and gives the driver his ticket.)

BUS DRIVER: Thank you.

(Mulder surveys the bus and finds that Paul is nowhere to be seen.)

Can you take your seat, sir?

MULDER: There's supposed to be a man on the bus.

BUS DRIVER: Sir, I've got a schedule to keep. Now, please, take your seat or I'm going to have to ask you to get off.

(Mulder sits in the seat directly behind the driver and leans forward.)

MULDER: Take the key out of the ignition and turn around slowly.

(He does so as Mulder shows him his badge.)

BUS DRIVER: What is this?

MULDER: I'm with the F.B.I. I need to know if this man has boarded the bus.

(He shows him a picture of Paul, making sure to keep both it and his badge away from the eyes of people behind him.)

BUS DRIVER: Yeah.

(He looks back and sees Paul walking out of the bathroom, coughing and wheezing.)

That's him. Right back there.

(He points to Paul. Paul looks at Mulder, looking ragged and sick, and comes to a quick realization. He draws his gun and Mulder reacts quickly, standing and drawing his gun.)

MULDER: Federal agent! Drop your weapon!

(The people on the bus scream. Paul picks up the young boy and sits down in his seat, putting the boy on his lap. The boy's face is directly next to the boil, which looks ready to pop. Tapia watches the melee from the adjacent bus. He pulls out his walkie-talkie.)

TAPIA: Plan A has gone to hell. Get ready to move, people.

(Mulder keeps his gun trained on Paul, who is more frightened than anything else.)

MULDER: Let the boy go!

PAUL: Move the damn bus!

MULDER: You got over two dozen U.S. marshalls out there, Paul. How far you gonna get?

(Paul looks out his window and sees snipers trained on him from all angles. He gasps, breathing heavily.)

PAUL: I'm dying, ain't I?

MULDER: The question is, how many people are you going to take with you?

PAUL: What is this thing?

MULDER: You were infected in prison.

(Paul smiles and sighs, almost laughing.)

PAUL: It's what Bobby Torrence had.

MULDER: And your girlfriend Elizabeth and possibly your son.

(He slowly inches towards him.)

How many more people do you want to expose?

PAUL: It came from that package in Bobby's cell, didn't it?

MULDER: You saw a package?

(Paul nods lightly, on the verge of tears. The boy is surprisingly calm.)

PAUL: What the hell was it?

(He coughs, his boil starting to pulsate slightly.)

MULDER: All right, everybody, off the bus.

(The people start to file out.)

Just keep going. Just go. Keep moving!

(The people are all off the bus. Mulder looks at the boy.)

All right, come on out. It's okay. Come on out, just slide out. I'm here for you.

(Paul releases his grip on the boy.)

That's it.

(Paul gasps and pushes the boy out. The boy runs out.)

All right.

(Paul chokes and gasps, his boil throbbing.)

All right, Paul, what was in that package?

(Paul seems unable to breathe, much less talk.)

What was in that package? A pharmaceutical company was using you as a guinea pig! If you tell me what was in that package, I'll make sure they don't get away with it! Come on, Paul, you remember. Tell me!

PAUL: It... it...

(Paul is about to tell Mulder when a shot rings out. The glass shatters next to Paul as Mulder looks on in horror. Paul slumps over, dead. Smoke fills the air outside.)

MAN #1: Get out of there!

MAN #2: Keep your distance!

(Two clean-suited men rush on the bus and take Mulder off.)

MAN #1: You have to get off, let's go! Get off!

(The sniper sits in the adjacent bus, his face clouded in smoke.)




SCENE 21
FBI HEADQUARTERS; WASHINGTON, D.C.
(Skinner looks at the small, last specimen of Faciphaga Emasculata in a capsule. It is dead.)

MULDER: Robert Torrence was patient zero, the first prisoner to contract the disease. Just before being admitted to the infirmary, he received a package from Pinck Pharmaceuticals. They orchestrated this entire thing to circumvent years of F.D.A. trials in order to get their drug on the market.

(Skinner puts the capsule down.)

SKINNER: Why are you telling me this, Agent Mulder?

MULDER: Because I wanted you to hear it from me before you read it in the papers.

(Skinner sits down.)

SKINNER: I'd seriously reconsider bringing this to the media if that's your intention.

MULDER: The public has a right to know so it doesn't happen again.

SKINNER: And you're going to prove this elaborate conspiracy with a, an empty package and a dead insect? Leave it alone, Agent Mulder. The epidemic was contained.

MULDER: Eighteen people are dead, and if you're helping them cover the truth behind those deaths, then you're just as guilty as they are.

SKINNER: You really have no idea who you're dealing with, do you?

MULDER: I thought I was dealing with you.

(There is a knock on the door and Scully walks in.)

SCULLY: We can't prove a thing, Mulder. They've made sure of it.

(She walks over to him.)

MULDER: What are you talking about?

SCULLY: The Costa Rican government just faxed me the report on the missing scientist.

(She hands him a folder.)

His name is Robert Torrence, the same as our prisoner. It was their failsafe in case it ever came to this so they could blame it on a simple postal error. A mistake.

(Mulder, reading over the contents of the folder, laughs.)

MULDER: That's why we were given this assignment, right? They knew all along... so that even if we succeeded in finding the truth, we'd be discredited as part of it. Am I right?

(Skinner just stares at him.)

Am I right?!

SKINNER: You never had a chance, Agent Mulder. For every step you take, they're three steps ahead.

MULDER: Well, what about you, where do you stand?

SKINNER: I stand right on the line that you keep crossing.

(Mulder shakes his head slightly in disgust.)

SCULLY: Come on, let's go.

(They start out.)

SKINNER: Agent Mulder.

(Scully opens the door as they turn around and look at him with great disdain.)

I'm saying this as a friend. Watch your back. This is just the beginning.

(Mulder and Scully walk out. Skinner stares at the door for a second, then at the last remaining trace of the epidemic, Faciphaga Emasculata.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
HOTEL GEORGE MASON, RICHMOND, VIRGINIA
(A man [Newirth] slips the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the doorknob of his hotel room and prepares to retire for the night. As he reclines in bed to read the paper and have a drink, a second man [Banton] gets off the elevator and nervously walks to the door across the hall. He knocks.)

BANTON: Morris! (knocks again) Morris, I need to talk to you!

(Newirth hears the commotion in the hall. The light on the nightstand dims momentarily. In the hall, Banton knocks again.)

BANTON: Morris, I need to talk to you! Gail Anne is dead. It's my fault. Morris!

(While Banton knocks again, Newirth man gets up from the bed, walks to the door and looks out the peephole while placing his right hand against the door.)

BANTON: Morris, I need to talk to you. Morris, please. Answer the door, damn it!

(Banton steps back from the door. As he does, his shadow from the hall light moves toward Newirth's door and then appears just inside the room. As it touches Newirth's feet, there is a blue flash and Newirth seems to disintegrate, leaving a scorched mark on the carpet that glows blue for a moment. Banton sees the blue glow underneath the door.)

BANTON: Oh no! No. (he quickly unscrews the hall light bulb) My God, no! (he runs away down the hall) No, no, God no, no, no, no!




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
SAME LOCATION
(Scully and Mulder get off the elevator at the end of the hall.)

SCULLY: Two apparent abductions in less than a month, and then this one last night. According to my contact, the Richmond PD has hit a brick wall so I told her we'd come down and have a look.

MULDER: Who's your contact?

SCULLY: Her name is Kelly Ryan. She was one of my students when I was teaching at the academy. She's just been bumped up to detective, and she's a little nervous about her supervisor finding out the FBI are involved.

(They enter Newirth's room.)

SCULLY: Kelly?

RYAN: Agent Scully.

SCULLY: Hi.

RYAN: Hi.

SCULLY: This is Agent Mulder.

RYAN: (to Mulder) Hi. Thank you for coming.

MULDER: Hello.

RYAN: (to Mulder) Heard a lot about you.

MULDER: (to Scully) We'll talk later.

(Scully gives him a sheepish grin.)

RYAN: The missing man is Patrick Newirth, age 52. He's a top executive with Morley Tobacco, up from Raleigh-Durham for a meeting. He arrived on an evening train.

MULDER: How do you know he's missing?

RYAN: He set a wakeup call for 6 AM this morning. When the operator tried to place it, there was no answer.

MULDER: (sniffing the drink on the nightstand) Hmm, scotch. It looks like he barely touched it.

RYAN: Needless to say, he missed his meeting. Uh, they waited three hours before sending hotel security up. The door was locked, security chain fastened, and when they broke in, no Patrick Newirth.

MULDER: Windows?

RYAN: Locked from the inside. We're six stories up, no fire escape. No way in or out of this room.

(Scully walks across the room and crouches next to the heat register.)

RYAN: Agent Scully, what are you looking at?

SCULLY: Uh, the heat register.

RYAN: (with a look of disbelief) You don't think anyone could have squeezed in there?

MULDER: You never know. You guys turn up any forensics evidence at all?

RYAN: Uh, just this.

(She removes a cardboard cover from the scorched mark on the carpet.)

MULDER: Scully, look at this.

SCULLY: What is it?

RYAN: We don't know. The hotel claims it wasn't here before Mr. Newirth checked in. And there were similar burn marks at each of the previous crime scenes.

SCULLY: Was Patrick Newirth a smoker?

RYAN: No, according to his wife, he loathed cigarettes.

SCULLY: Well, that's strange for someone who works for a tobacco company.

MULDER: Did you run a test on it?

RYAN: Yes, sir. It's mostly carbon with some potassium and trace minerals.

SCULLY: Could be the residue from burnt human flesh.

(Mulder is noticing that the charred pattern has a section off the right side with the outline of several fingers.)

MULDER: Does this look like an arm to anybody?

RYAN: An arm?

SCULLY: What are you thinking, Mulder?

MULDER: This burn mark, it's right where I'd be if I were standing here answering the door, right?

RYAN: Yes.

MULDER: And I wouldn't be looking out the peephole unless there was something to look at, right?

RYAN: That makes sense.

(Mulder goes into the hall and taps the light on the far wall. The bulb comes on.)

MULDER: Detective Ryan, can you have this bulb dusted for prints?

RYAN: Of course.

MULDER: And can you run those against Mr. Newirth's. Do you have Mr. Newirth's prints?

RYAN: We got them from his toiletries and check-in slip.

MULDER: OK, can you check those against all hotel employees and registered guests?

RYAN: Anything else?

MULDER: Yeah, do you have the name of the last missing person?

RYAN: Uh, that would be Margaret Wysnecki.

MULDER: Thanks, that should do it. Is this your first case, Detective?

RYAN: Yes sir.

MULDER: Any idea why they gave it to you?

RYAN: No one else wanted it. Because of the lack of evidence, this is still officially a missing persons case, not likely to end up on the front page of the daily paper.

MULDER: Well, don't be so sure about that.

RYAN: Can I ask what you think may have happened?

MULDER: At first blush? Spontaneous human combustion.

(Mulder walks away as Ryan stares in surprise and disbelief. Scully gives her a supportive pat on the arm.)

SCULLY: You're doing just fine.

(Scully catches up to Mulder as he pushes the elevator button.)

SCULLY: Having a little fun?

MULDER: What are you talking about?

SCULLY: Spontaneous human combustion?

MULDER: I have over a dozen case files of human bodies reduced to ash without any attendant burning or melting. Rapid oxidation without heat.

SCULLY: Let's just forget for the moment that there's no scientific theory to support it.

MULDER: (flippantly) OK.

(They get on the elevator.)




SCENE 3
WYSNECKI RESIDENCE, RICHMOND, VIRGINIA
(It is dark, and Mulder and Scully drive up and walk up the sidewalk. Mulder notices that the yard lights on all the other houses in the neighborhood are lit, but not the one at the Wysnecki house.)

MULDER: Hey, Scully, can you spare a prophylactic?

(She gives him a latex glove and he opens the fixture and turns the bulb. It comes on.)

MULDER: What are the odds of that, huh?

SCULLY: Darkness covers a multitude of sins.

MULDER: Check this out. My newest tool in the fight against crime - $49.95 at your local hardware store.

(He produces a red flashlight from his pocket and shines a red light on the fixture, which shows the outline of some fingerprints.)

SCULLY: Neat trick. For your birthday, I'll buy you a utility belt.

(They enter the house and find another scorch mark on the carpet in the front hall.)

SCULLY: Look at this, Mulder.

MULDER: What do we know about the victim?

SCULLY: Margaret Wysnecki, age 66. Widowed, retired from Laramie Tobacco where she worked production line for 36 years. Tobacco? Patrick Newirth worked for Morley Tobacco, didn't he?

MULDER: Yeah, but half of Richmond earns their paycheck making cancer sticks. It's just a coincidence.

SCULLY: Yeah, you're probably right. The first missing person, Gail Anne Lambert, was an engineer for Polarity Magnetics.

(They enter the kitchen.)

They didn't find any prints in here or anywhere else in the house. What makes you think the prints on the bulb mean anything?

MULDER: I don't know.

(He opens the trash can and pulls out an Amtrak ticket stub.)

MULDER: Ah, look at this, Scully. Someone forgot to empty the trash. M. Wysnecki, round trip to Hampton Roads, Virginia, return train dated March 17.

SCULLY: That's the same day she disappeared.

MULDER: Patrick Newirth came into town by train, didn't he?

SCULLY: And Gail Anne Lambert ... uh, no it doesn't say anything here that puts her anywhere near the Richmond Train Station.

MULDER: Maybe that was a detail that was overlooked.

SCULLY: Well, even so, what's the significance?

MULDER: Maybe these people aren't just disappearing, maybe they're being hunted. And the hunter is working the train station.

SCULLY: And whatever happened to spontaneous human combustion?

MULDER: Maybe it's not so spontaneous. Get on the phone to your young detective and tell her to get a detail down to the train station.

(Scully gets out her cell phone.)




SCENE 4
RICHMOND TRAIN STATION
(Bantock is sitting on a bench in the station, staring at the floor. He rises, still looking at his feet, and slowly walks outside. It is dark and as he passes under a light in an alley, it dims. A police car turns into the alley and approaches him.)

FIRST OFFICER: (to radio) 66, this is 64. Suspicious male, loitering in the alley behind the train station. I'm going to check him out.

VOICE ON RADIO: Roger that, 64, I'm on my way.

(The first officer gets out of his car.)

FIRST OFFICER: Sir, could I speak with you?

(Banton starts running away, down the alley.)

FIRST OFFICER: Hold on, I only want to ask you a couple of questions.

(A second police car enters the alley from the other direction and Bantock stops.)

FIRST OFFICER: All right, stop right there! Don't move, just hold it! Put your hands in the air, sir!

(The second officer gets out of his car and approaches Bantock, who is standing in a lit area.)

BANTON: (to second officer) Stay away from me.

(Banton ducks across the alley into the shadows. The officers aim their guns at him.)

FIRST OFFICER: What do you think you're doing? All right, come on out of there! I just want to talk to you!

BANTON: Stay away from me! I don't want to hurt you!

SECOND OFFICER: Move it!

FIRST OFFICER: Hands where we can see them!

(Banton raises his hands and slowly comes out of the shadow into the light. He looks up at the light nervously.)

BANTON: Please, I'm warning you. I'm a dangerous man.

SECOND OFFICER: Keep moving, pal, out where we can see you. (Banton moves farther out) All right, I want you to lie face down on the ground.

BANTON: (to second officer) Don't come any closer.

SECOND OFFICER: Get down on the ground, sir. Now.

(As the second officer comes closer, he approaches Banton's shadow. Banton steps back.)

BANTON: Please, you don't understand.

(Banton continues to step backward, and now his shadow from another light touches the feet of the first officer, who is standing behind him. The first officer disintegrates with a blue flash.)

BANTON: Oh, God, no!

SECOND OFFICER: Barney!

(The second officer continues to approach Banton.)

BANTON: Don't, no! Stay away.

(The second officer walks into Banton's shadow and he also disintegrates.)

BANTON: (running wildly away, down the alley) Oh, God! No, no, God, not again! No, no, no, no ...




SCENE 5
SAME ALLEY, NEXT MORNING
(The area is roped off and there are several police cars. Mulder and Scully drive up. Ryan walks over to meet them.)

SCULLY: What happened here, Kelly?

RYAN: I sent two patrolmen down here last night, like you told me. They lost radio contact with them just after midnight. All they found this morning was two more scorch marks on the pavement.

MULDER: Nothing else?

RYAN: Nope. Suddenly this looks like it could be a cop killer case, and I'm indirectly responsible.

SCULLY: Well, you were just doing your job.

RYAN: (agitated) Yeah, well they want to know on what suspicions I sent these men down here. And if I tell them I involved the FBI, they're going to snap.

MULDER: The prints you pulled from that light bulb ...

RYAN: I ran it against all the hotel staff and guests, then through the national databases. No match. Some first case, huh?

SCULLY: You just make sure you hang onto this case. I'm sure something will turn up.

(Mulder and Scully walk back and get in the car.)

SCULLY: These ideas of yours, Mulder, you care to share them?

MULDER: Not yet.

SCULLY: You don't have a clue, do you?

MULDER: He was here, Scully, I was right about that.

SCULLY: All right, where does this leave us?

MULDER: Maybe with enough to identify the killer.

SCULLY: How?

MULDER: He was here last night. He was also probably here on March 17 and March 31.

SCULLY: Those are the dates that Margaret Wysnecki and Patrick Newirth disappeared.

MULDER: That leaves us with 3 days of train station videotapes to cross-reference and hopefully find out who this guy is.

SCULLY: That's assuming we're looking for a guy.

MULDER: Either way, the security camera's our only witness.




SCENE 6
TRAIN STATION SECURITY OFFICE
(Mulder and Scully are reviewing videotapes with a security guard.)

SCULLY: It could be any one of these people, Mulder ... or none of them. I've gone through the entire week and I'm still not sure how you expect to find him.

SECURITY GUARD: That's it for March 22 on the arrival deck.

MULDER: Let's go back to the terminal tape.

SCULLY: Again?

MULDER: He's got to be on at least one of these tapes.

SCULLY: Chances are, he's not walking around carrying a sign with an arrow on it.

SECURITY GUARD: There you go.

(Mulder notices Banton sitting on a bench.)

MULDER: See, this guy. Right here. He's always here. What's he doing?

SCULLY: Looking at the floor.

MULDER: Why's he doing that?

SCULLY: Probably the same reason he spends his whole afternoon in the train station.

MULDER: Can you freeze this and blow it up 200 percent?

SECURITY GUARD: Sure.

(There's a light spot on his jacket.)

MULDER: OK, can you reframe and blow it up some more? He's got something on his jacket right there.

SECURITY GUARD: I'll see if I can pull it up.

(Mulder reads the name from the blurry image.)

MULDER: Polarity Magnetics.

SCULLY: That's where the first victim worked.




SCENE 7
POLARITY MAGNETICS
(Mulder and Scully walk up stairs and knock on the door. There are no obvious signs of activity.)

SCULLY: Looks like it's been closed up.

(Davey answers the door.)

DAVEY: Yes?

SCULLY: We're agents Mulder and Scully with the FBI. We're looking for a man who may have worked here.

(Scully shows him a printout of Banton from the train station tape.)

DAVEY: When was this taken?

MULDER: March 22. Do you know him?

DAVEY: Sure, I know him. Dr. Chester Banton. He was my business partner.

SCULLY: You mean he's not any more?

DAVEY: I don't know, I would assume not. This is the first I've seen of him in five weeks. I wondered if he wasn't going to turn up dead.

MULDER: How's that?

DAVEY: Chester was involved in a terrible accident here.

(Davey, Mulder and Scully are walking through a corridor within the building.)

DAVEY: Polarity Magnetics does - or did - primarily two types of research. Mostly, we were designing mag-lev applications ... uh, people movers, bullet trains ... but for Chester, that was just the way to pay the bills for the really theoretical stuff he was interested in.

MULDER: Which was what?

DAVEY: Researching dark matter, quantum particles, neutrinos, gluons, mesons, quarks ...

SCULLY: Subatomic particles.

DAVEY: The mysteries of the universe. Theoretically, the very building blocks of reality.

SCULLY: Except no one knows if they truly exist.

DAVEY: Chester was sure they did, so sure he bet his life on it.

(Davey keys into a laboratory filled with electronic equipment.)

This is where it happened. Chester was working to isolate a new particle. He'd been working on it for a year.

SCULLY: This is a particle accelerator.

DAVEY: One-fifth the power of the Texas supercollider in a space the size of a Wal-Mart.

MULDER: Powered by what?

DAVEY: Couple of billion megawatts. Virginia Power loved us.

SCULLY: Exactly what happened here?

DAVEY: Well, the work involved bombardment of beta particles with an alpha target. Negative against positive. Chester had everything set and had started the countdown when he realized he'd make a mistake. There was something that needed re-adjusting in the target room. Except you can't stop the countdown once you've begun. There was time to safely make the change, but I'd left the room for a minute when Chester decided to go in. I didn't realize until it was too late that the door had locked behind him.

(Davey punches a code into a keypad and the door to the target chamber opens. Inside they find more equipment and the darkened outline of a man on the wall.)

MULDER: Look at this!

DAVEY: As far as I can tell, it burned Chester's shadow right into the wall.

SCULLY: How did he survive?

DAVEY: All I can figure is - the quanta liberated off the target have virtually no mass, that they slid right through his body.

MULDER: Like getting an X-ray.

DAVEY: A two billion megawatt X-ray. When I looked at the monitor and saw what was happening, that Chester was trapped in here, I panicked. I cut the power but it was too late. I remember looking and seeing Chester. He was perfectly calm. Almost like he wanted it to happen, like he was finally going to experience the dark matter he had theorized in some kind of physical way. As if the truth might come into him. (Davey gets emotional) Excuse me.

MULDER: What do you think, Scully?

SCULLY: Well, this looks like the same kind of material that they found at each of the other crime scenes. Maybe what we're dealing with is some kind of spontaneous human combustion.

MULDER: I'm less convinced of that now.

SCULLY: What do you think it is?

(Davey is back in the outside room eavesdropping on Mulder and Scully from a video and audio monitor.)

MULDER: I don't know. Whatever it is, it's connected to the person of Dr. Chester Ray Banton, maybe even part of him.

SCULLY: Well, whatever it is, we have to find him.

MULDER: I know of one place to start looking.




SCENE 8
RICHMOND TRAIN STATION
(Mulder sits on the bench in the same location where Banton was seen. Scully approaches.)

SCULLY: There's no sign of him, Mulder. Maybe he's moved on. What are you looking at?

MULDER: On the videotape, Dr. Banton kept staring at the floor. I've been trying to figure out what he might have been looking at.

SCULLY: Well, maybe the exposure affected his mind. Nonsensical repetitive behavior is a common trait of mental illness.

MULDER: You trying to tell me something?

SCULLY: I called Detective Ryan. She's having the prints on the lightbulbs checked against Banton's.

MULDER: Did you tell her about Dr. Banton's accident?

SCULLY: No, I only told her that he was a possible suspect, and that it was a bit too early to get her hopes up, and that right now we have more questions than we do answers.

MULDER: Like?

SCULLY: Like a motive, like a murder weapon, like ...

(Mulder has been standing next to the bench observing the overhead lighting and the lack of shadows around his feet.)

MULDER: What if, Dr. Banton ... look here, there are hardly any shadows cast.

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MULDER: The lighting in here is diffused. It's soft light. What if that was what Banton was looking for?

(Banton comes around a corner toward them.)

SCULLY: Looking for his shadow?

(Mulder spots him.)

MULDER: Dr. Banton!

(Banton runs outside. Mulder and Scully pursue him and corner him in a lighted area on the loading platform. They aim their guns at him.)

MULDER: Stop right there! Dr. Banton!

BANTON: Please, just leave me alone.

MULDER: We're federal agents, Dr. Banton.

BANTON: You don't understand. You're making a big mistake. Stay away from me.

(Banton looks down at his shadow and sees that Mulder is approaching it.)

Wait! It'll kill you, it doesn't care who you are.

(Mulder looks down and sees that he is close to the shadow. He then looks behind him and sees that Scully is approaching a shadow of Banton cast by another light. He shoots out both lights with his gun, leaving all three in the dark.)

BANTON: Thank God!




SCENE 9
YALOFF PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL, PIEDMONT, VIRGINIA
(Banton is in a softly lit room. Mulder and Scully, with a doctor, slide open the observation window in the door.)

MULDER: I thought the orders were to keep this patient in the dark.

DOCTOR: He insisted on soft light. It's the only way he'd let us open the door.

(Mulder and Scully enter, while the doctor locks the three of them in the room.)

BANTON: How can you even begin to understand what it's like?

MULDER: We're trying to understand.

BANTON: Living in a train station, day and night. Living like a bum, afraid to fall asleep because of what might happen.

SCULLY: The accident in the lab ... the quanta bombardment ... you believe that altered you physically?

BANTON: You could say that.

MULDER: Can you tell us how?

BANTON: Even if I could, you wouldn't understand.

SCULLY: But it has something to do with dark matter.

BANTON: It has everything to do with dark matter. My shadow isn't mine. It's ... it's like a black hole. It splits molecules into component atoms, it unzips electrons from their orbits, reduces matter into pure energy.

SCULLY: That's how you killed Gail Anne Lambert?

BANTON: It wasn't me. Gail Anne was my colleague. She ... the night after the accident, I went to see her. I was just standing in the doorway. I was looking right at her ... and then she was gone.

MULDER: You have no control over it?

BANTON: If I could control it, do you think I would let it go around killing people? All I can do is study it, try and divine its true nature before they do.

MULDER: They?

BANTON: The government. (whispers to Mulder) They're after me. And when they find me, they're going to do the brain suck. They've just been dying to do it.

MULDER: The brain suck? For the purpose of ...

BANTON: For the purpose of stealing what has taken me years to accomplish. And don't think they wouldn't kill to get it.

MULDER: But if they killed you, then wouldn't your shadow just ...

BANTON: Disappear? Who knows? That's why you have to get me out of here. If I die, there could be nothing left to tether this thing.

RYAN: (opening the door) Excuse me. I'm going to have to ask you discontinue your interrogation of the suspect.

(Mulder and Scully step out into the hall with Ryan and another detective.)

RYAN: This is Detective Barron. He's the primary on this case.

BARRON: Yeah, I was just wondering what your involvement is here?

MULDER: We caught the guy.

BARRON: I appreciate that. But no one seems to be able to recall inviting the FBI in on this case.

SCULLY: Agent Mulder and I are here strictly in an unofficial capacity.

BARRON: Then who brought you in?

SCULLY: We were curious about the unexplained nature of the case.

BARRON: Well, Banton's prints place him at two of the crime scenes, and transit authority tapes show him in the immediate vicinity of two of the most recent victims. So I say this case is looking pretty much explained.

MULDER: Really? Have you talked to Dr. Banton?

BARRON: I hope you're not trying to interrogate me, Agent Mulder. Because I'm not the suspect.

MULDER: I don't think you know anything about this case, which is why you stuck it with Detective Ryan. And I think you should allow her to decide how to proceed.

BARRON: Detective Ryan is handling this case. She's done well, and I see no reason not to continue to let her prosecute it once the prisoner has been transferred.

MULDER: Transferred? Where?

RYAN: To the city jail in preparation for his arraignment.

MULDER: I don't think you fully appreciate this man's condition or the danger that he poses.

BARRON: I don't think you have the authority to tell me, or anyone else in my unit, how to do our job.

RYAN: I think we can handle it from here, Agent Mulder. We'll call you if there's anything more you can do.

SCULLY: Come on, Mulder, let's go.

(Scully and Barron walk away in opposite directions. Mulder catches Ryan by the arm before she can leave.)

MULDER: (to Ryan) Soft light. He needs soft light.

(Mulder catches up with Scully.)

MULDER: Hope you know what you're doing, Scully.

SCULLY: What do you mean?

MULDER: Putting Detective Ryan's ambition ahead of all good sense in this case.

SCULLY: Ambition? She's a woman trying to survive the boys' club, Mulder. Believe me, I know how she feels.

MULDER: The difference is you never put yourself ahead of your work, and that's what happening here.

SCULLY: Look. The fact is, we have no jurisdiction here. We were called in as a favor.

MULDER: And as a favor, we just handed over the A-bomb over to the Boy Scouts.

SCULLY: I'm sure all the necessary precautions will be taken.

MULDER: And I'm sure that Robert Oppenheimer got similar reassurances from his government, the same government that Dr. Banton is afraid of.

SCULLY: You don't believe all this paranoia about brain sucking, do you?

MULDER: That man is scared, and it's not just of his own shadow.

SCULLY: Mulder, as brilliant as Dr. Banton may be, he is also clearly delusional. He demonstrated just about every textbook indicator back there.

MULDER: We've both seen the physical evidence, Scully.

SCULLY: Look, I don't know how to explain it, but that's not our job. I don't know what else we should do.

MULDER: I think I do.




SCENE 10
RICHMOND TRAIN STATION
(Mulder is looking through the station and sees Mr. X. X walks away and Mulder follows. They meet in a deserted stairwell.)

X: All you've given me is a name - Chester A. Banton.

MULDER: Dr. Chester A. Banton. Do you know him?

X: No. Should I?

MULDER: He's being held by the Richmond Police in connection with several bizarre murders. He's a physicist, researching quarks, gluons, dark matter. He believes the government is out to get him.

X: It's tax season. So do most Americans.

MULDER: He believes his life is in danger.

X: Is he a dangerous man?

MULDER: Yes.

X: Where is he being held?

MULDER: At the Yaloff Psychiatric Hospital, but not for long.

X: I'm afraid I can't help you.

MULDER: Why?

X: The last time I helped you, I bloodied my fist and regrettably exposed my identity to associates of yours.

MULDER: Yes, I know, and you can trust them as you trust me. I promise.

X: Dead men can't keep promises. The next time the blood and regret could be yours. I'm not at your beck and call, Agent Mulder. I have nothing to gain and everything to lose by helping you. Promise you won't contact me again unless absolutely necessary.

(X heads down the stairs. Mulder waits until he is out of hearing range.)

MULDER: (softly) Promise.




SCENE 11
YALOFF PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL
(As a nurse works at the nursing station, the lights dim briefly, then go out. The nurse picks up the phone.)

NURSE: Frank, are your lights on down there? Ours just went ...

(Mr. X suddenly presses the switchhook on the phone, startling the nurse.)

X: Hi. We're here to transfer Chester A. Banton.

NURSE: I have orders he's not being transferred until tomorrow.

X: Due to the power outage, there's been a change in plans.

(X heads down the hall.)

NURSE: No one's supposed to go in there.

(X is joined by two other men in the hallway. X unlocks the door to Banton's room and the two men go in with a stretcher. The nurse catches up to X in the hall.)

X: Here. Quickly.

NURSE: Who are you?

BANTON: No. Don't do this. Please, please, no, no, don't, leave me alone.

(The two men gag and bind Banton and lift him to his feet. Suddenly the emergency lighting comes on, which consists of a single bulb in Banton's room. There is a blue flash as the two men disintegrate. X looks into the room to see Banton and two scorched spots on the floor. Banton walks out of the room, with X giving way to avoid his shadow. As they stare at each other in the hall, X draws his gun and aims at Banton but then lowers it. Banton runs away down the hall.)




SCENE 12
NEXT DAY AT THE PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL
(Mulder walks down the hall, passing Ryan who is coming out of Banton's room. He enters the room to find Scully.)

SCULLY: Mulder.

MULDER: What'd you find out, Scully?

SCULLY: Richmond PD had two officers outside watching the entrance. They didn't see anybody come in.

MULDER: According to the floor nurse, there were three men.

SCULLY: Three? The power was disconnected at a substation two blocks from here. Somebody posing as the city engineer.

MULDER: Somebody who would have access to plans for Virginia Power so they could take it off the grid without affecting surrounding facilities.

SCULLY: Somebody from the government coming for Dr. Banton?

MULDER: Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you, Scully, but my guess is he was unsuccessful and Dr. Banton is on the loose.

SCULLY: That's what Detective Ryan thinks.

MULDER: I saw her leave.

SCULLY: She was in charge of Dr. Banton's transfer and arraignment this morning. She's in some pretty hot water.

MULDER: Well, maybe that was an appointment he was never meant to keep. Let's go.

SCULLY: Where? Mulder, wait. Where are we going?

MULDER: You heard what Dr. Banton said last night.

SCULLY: I heard him say a lot of things.

MULDER: Put yourself in his head, Scully. I think the only reason he hasn't tried to kill himself is because he's afraid his death will release the dark matter.

SCULLY: Wait a second. That's still just a theory, and it's a pretty wild one at that.

MULDER: Whether or not Dr. Banton is actually telling the truth, he believes he is.

SCULLY: And apparently so does whoever it is that tried to take him last night.

MULDER: All that he's been trying to do since the accident is try to control this thing. Now if he's escaped, he's going to go to the one place where he thinks he can do that, and we've got to get there first.




SCENE 13
POLARITY MAGNETICS
(Davey enters a darkened laboratory and reaches for the light switch, but Banton grabs his hand.)

BANTON: Don't turn on the light, Chris, unless you want to die.

DAVEY: Chester, what the hell is going on? The FBI has been looking for you. Where've you been?

BANTON: There's no time to explain, just come with me.

(They step out and start down a corridor.)

DAVEY: What's this about, Chester, you're acting crazy. Talk to me.

BANTON: We've found the dark matter, Chris, it's real, we found it.

DAVEY: What are you talking about?

BANTON: Don't you understand? I'm it. It's ... it's in me.

DAVEY: The accident?

BANTON: They're coming for me, Chris. We have to destroy this thing before they get here.

DAVEY: No, you can't go back in there, Chester.

(Ryan appears in the corridor in front of them, weapon raised.)

RYAN: Police! I'm placing you under arrest, Dr. Banton.

BANTON: A lot of people will die if you do this.

RYAN: Step against the wall, sir.

BANTON: I'm begging you. I don't want to hurt you.

RYAN: I said step against the wall, now.

(As Davey watches, Banton looks up and sees a light over his head. He checks his shadow, then walks toward Ryan.)

BANTON: I'm sorry.

(His shadow touches Ryan and she disintegrates, leaving a scorch mark.)

BANTON: Let's go, we don't have much time.

(Davey stares wide-eyed at the scorch mark, then follows Banton to the particle accelerator lab. Banton operates the keypad to opens the target room door, then steps inside.)

DAVEY: Chester!

BANTON: No matter what they say to you later, you're doing the right thing.

(He closes the door and looks at Davey through a peephole in the door.)

BANTON: Lock it up, Chris.

(Davey operates the keypad to seal the door.)

BANTON: All right, let's get the accelerator on line.

DAVEY: I'm afraid not, Chester.

BANTON: You can do it, Chris.

DAVEY: I can, but I'm not.

BANTON: No, Chris. Tell me you're not working for them.

DAVEY: Wish I could, Chester.

BANTON: You son of a bitch!

DAVEY: Careful, we don't want you to hurt yourself.

BANTON: I'll die before I let them use me.

DAVEY: You're lightning in a bottle, Chester. We're not about to let you die.

(Davey goes to the telephone and dials a number, watching Banton on the video monitor.)

BANTON: Chris, don't do this. Listen to me. This is wrong. You're making a terrible mistake.

DAVEY: (to phone) I've got him. He's not going anywhere until you pick him up.

(A gunshot is heard, and Davey falls across the desk.)

BANTON: Chris? Chris? Chris? What's happening? Chris? Chris?

(Banton is looking through the peephole and suddenly X's face appears on the other side.)

(Mulder and Scully arrive and walk up the stairs toward Polarity Magnetics. They pass a window overlooking the parking lot.)

SCULLY: We're not the first ones here, Mulder, that's Detective Ryan's car.

MULDER: I was afraid of this.

(They come upon the scorch mark in the corridor.)

SCULLY: Mulder.

MULDER: (looking at the mark) Oh, damn it!

(As Scully kneels over the mark, they hear an electrical humming noise.)

SCULLY: What's that noise?

MULDER: The accelerator.

(They hurry to the accelerator room. The accelerator is operating but there is no one in the outside area. Mulder goes to the target room door but there is a blinding light from within. Scully goes to the control desk.)

SCULLY: Mulder.

(On the video monitor, they see a figure slumped back in a chair in the target room. As they watch, the figure and chair disintegrate, leaving a shadow on the wall. The accelerator shuts off. Mulder goes to the door and looks in, but he cannot open the door.)

MULDER: Scully, look at this.

(Scully looks through the door and sees the new shadow.)

SCULLY: He must have killed her and then killed himself.

MULDER: He couldn't have. This chamber's been sealed from the outside. (he slaps the door)

SCULLY: By who?




SCENE 14
A DARK, UNKNOWN LOCATION
(Mulder and X meet in a dark corridor.)

X: Agent Mulder. I thought you had agreed not to contact me again about this.

MULDER: You lied to me.

X: About?

MULDER: About Chester Ray Banton. You knew who he was, and you used me to lead you to him.

X: You were the one who contacted me, Agent Mulder.

MULDER: I won't be your stalking horse, or the government's.

X: You seem to be mistaken about the amount of control you exercise over this arrangment.

MULDER: (angrily) You killed Dr. Banton!

X: Have you lost your mind?

MULDER: A nurse at the hospital identified you! A young detective is dead because of you! Who do you answer to?

X: Despite my loyalty to my predecessor, I've never made you any promises.

MULDER: All right, promise me something right now. Promise me this will be our last meeting. We're finished.

(Mulder walks away.)

X: You're choosing a dangerous time to go it alone, Agent Mulder. Mulder! (Mulder stops and looks back at him) I didn't kill him.

(X exits in the opposite direction.)




SCENE 15
A CEMETARY
FATHER: Mourners are invited to pay their respects to the family at the Ryan home.

(Scully is among the mourners. She crouches over the burial marker, which reads "KELLY RYAN 1965-1995". After a moment, she rises and walks back to Mulder.)

MULDER: How you doing?

SCULLY: I'm not sure how to feel about this, Mulder. She was my student, and she came to me for help.

MULDER: I know it must be hard.

SCULLY: This shouldn't have happened. This never should have happened.

MULDER: I'm sorry I'm late, I got hung up at the Richmond PD.

SCULLY: Doing what?

MULDER: A missing person report was filed this morning by a Dr. Morris West. He's a physicist affiliated with Polarity Magnetics.

SCULLY: I'm not sure I follow you.

MULDER: The missing person was Dr. Christopher Davey. He hasn't been seen or heard from since Banton disappeared.

SCULLY: Do they have any leads or know where he might be?

MULDER: No. None.

SCULLY: But you do.

MULDER: I've been wondering, what if it wasn't Banton we saw in the particle accelerator?

SCULLY: Well, if Banton's not dead, then where is he?




SCENE 16
A GOVERNMENT FACILITY
(X walks down a corridor, joining a government scientist in the hallway. A bright light is flashing from within the room.)

GOVERNMENT SCIENTIST: Dr. Davey would have been helpful to us. We'll be studying this man for a long time.

(Inside, Banton is seated with sensors attached to his head. The flashing light is casting a shadow on a photoelectric panel. A single tear falls down Banton's cheek.)

[THE END]

SCENE 1
COUNTY ROAD A7
DUDLEY, ARKANSAS
(Forest, at night. Car pulls into a deserted area, then stops. GEORGE KEARNS, 40s and PAULA GRAY, early 20s are in the car. GEORGE is very nervous.)

GEORGE: (stroking her shoulder) We don't have to be out here, you know. It's not like you're still in high school. We can go to the motel.

PAULA: Mm-mm. I wouldn't want anyone to see us.

GEORGE: No onell see us.

PAULA: It's a small town.

(PAULA gets out of the car and closes the door. As she does, GEORGE has a small seizure. He manages to take a couple of pills, then relaxes.)

PAULA: (teasing) George... Come on, George.

(He joins her running through the woods.)

GEORGE: (breathless) Why'd ya change your mind anyway?

PAULA: I dont know. You were pretty persistent, I guess.

GEORGE: Squeaky wheel gets the oil, right?

PAULA: I guess so.

GEORGE: What's wrong with right here? I can just set the blanket down and...

PAULA: Not yet.

GEORGE: Why not?

PAULA: Because... You have to catch me first. (she runs off into the woods)

GEORGE: Aw, come on, now. You don't want me to chase after you, do you?

(He chases her, but cant run as fast.)

GEORGE: Paula! (There is no sign of her. He trips and falls.) Paula? 

(Tribal music plays in the background.)

GEORGE: Paula. Where are you?

(He runs, then trips and falls again.)

GEORGE: (in pain) Son of a bitch!

(He looks up and sees he is surrounded by lights getting closer to him. Finally he sees a large figure wearing a primitive ceremonial costume and a painted wood mask raise an axe over his head. GEORGE screams as the axe descends toward him.)




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]



SCENE 2
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC
(X-Files office. MULDER is looking at file on GEORGE KEARNS.)

MULDER: I dont know, Scully, the mans vanished. He hasnt been seen or heard from in ten weeks.

SCULLY: Come on, Mulder, don't you see what they're doing? They're wasting our time. They're sending us on some kind of a wild goose chase.

MULDER: Chicken chase. (SCULLY looks at him questioningly) George Kearns was a federal poultry inspector assigned to Dudley, Arkansas, home of  Chaco Chicken.

SCULLY: I'm not questioning the case's legitimacy, just their motives in assigning it to us. I mean, doesn't it bother you at all that they're undermining your work?

MULDER: They may "think" they are, but on the night George Kearns disappeared a woman on the I-10 saw a strange fire in an adjacent field.

SCULLY: Yes, I read that report. She claims that she saw some kind of a-a foxfire spirit. I'm surprised she didn't call Oprah as soon as she got off the phone with the police.

MULDER: Folktales dating back to the 19th century from the Ozarks describe people being taken away by fireballs. It's supposed to be the spirits of massacred Indians.

SCULLY: (closing her eyes, exasperated) Those are only legends, Mulder.

MULDER: Well, most legends don't leave behind 12-foot burn marks. (hands her a photo of a field with a large burned circle) That photo was taken by state police in the field where the woman claims to have seen foxfire.

SCULLY: This could have been made by anything-- a bonfire.

MULDER: I thought so too. Until I remembered this. (crosses to TV) It's a documentary I saw when I was in college about an insane asylum. Gave me nightmares.

SCULLY: I didnt think anything gave you nightmares.

MULDER: Unh, I was young.

(MULDER starts tape. Man, CREIGHTON JONES in hospital gown pacing back and forth telling his story. There is a panicked tone to his voice.)

JONES: (on video tape) No...They, uh... See, they took... They, uh... They took me away... They took me away-- the fire demons. The fire demons... the fire demons wanted their pound of flesh but, uh... I'm too fast for them. (he starts laughing ) They cannot kill you. See, you can't let them kill you. Oh, no. Don't let them kill you. Don't let them kill you. That's no way to get to heaven. No, sir. No, sir. That's no way to get to heaven....

MULDER: (stopping tape) His name was Creighton Jones. He pulled off the road on May 17, 1961 to take a nap. They found him three days later so deranged by what he'd encountered that he had to be committed. The state police found his car on the I-10 right in the middle of Dudley, Arkansas,  home of Chaco Chicken.

(MULDER goes back to his desk. SCULLY, disturbed by the tape, looks at the TV, then at the picture of the burned field.)




SCENE 3
DUDLEY, ARKANSAS
(MULDER and SCULLY investigate the large burned area in the middle of a field. MULDER picks up a fork from off the ground and examines it. SCULLY finds a strange stick in the ground.)

SCULLY: What's this, Mulder?

MULDER: That's a witch's peg. Staking it into the ground is supposed to ward off evil spirits.

(SHERIFF ARENS walks toward them.)

SHERIFF ARENS: (thick southern accent) Can I help you folks? I'm Sheriff Arens. I saw you back at the turnoff.

MULDER: We're with the FBI. Im Special Agent Mulder. This is Agent Scully. Were investigating the disappearance of George Kearns.

SHERIFF ARENS: I'm happy to help you but Im not sure how much there is to investigate.

SCULLY: Well, Sheriff Arens, a man is missing.

SHERIFF ARENS: We didn't find any evidence of criminal activity and since no body turned up we just went ahead and filed a missing persons report.

MULDER: Why didn't you mention this witch's peg in your report?

SHERIFF ARENS: Because these fields are filled with witch's pegs. A lot of these old hill people cling tight to their superstitions.

MULDER: What about the scorched area?

SHERIFF ARENS: Illegal trash burning. (MULDER and SCULLY look at him strangely, he shrugs) I keep handing out the citations. They keep doing it anyway. It's cheaper to pay the fine than to haul it to the dump.

MULDER: So you dont believe its foxfire?

SHERIFF ARENS: Sir, foxfire's nothing more than a ghost story about swamp gas.

(SCULLY gives MULDER an "I told you so" smile. He acknowledges the hit with a tight grin.)

SHERIFF ARENS: I don't know what y'all are thinking, but George Kearns was passing through town since he got here six months ago.

SCULLY: How do you mean?

SHERIFF ARENS: Never did fit in-- not at the plant, not even at his own home. It's no big secret that Kearns stepped out on his wife every chance he got.

SCULLY: Did he have many chances?

SHERIFF ARENS: Let's just say George is the type of man you'd expect to go chasing some sweet young thing out of town.

SCULLY: Is that what his wife thinks happened?

SHERIFF ARENS: Push comes to shove, Im sure she does. But, you're welcome to ask her yourself.




SCENE 4
(KEARNS household. MULDER and SCULLY interview DORIS KEARNS.)

DORIS: My husband had a character that leaves something out. I always knew that about him but I didn't have the sense to do anything about it. I guess he saved me the trouble.

SCULLY: So you're fairly certain that he left you for somebody else.

DORIS: George left me a long time ago. Right around the time I turned 40. Leaving town was just a formality.

SCULLY: Do you have any idea who he might be with now?

DORIS: No. And I don't want to know, either.

MULDER: (looking at folder) This inspection report-- your husband was about to file it with the Department of Agriculture the day before he disappeared.

DORIS: I dont know anything about that.

MULDER: He never discussed his work with you?

DORIS: He never told me and I never asked.

MULDER: Well, he cited several major health violations. He was gonna recommend that the plant be shut down.

DORIS: I told you, I dont know a thing about what went on in that plant.

SCULLY: Did your husband ever receive any threatening phone calls or anything unusual in the mail?

DORIS: Sure. There were hang-ups but I always thought it was one of his girlfriends.

MULDER: Let me give you my phone number. If your husband tries to contact you I want you to get in touch with me. Or if you can think of anything else.

(MULDER and SCULLY leave.)




SCENE 5
(Chaco Chicken processing plant. Billboard advertises "Good People, Good Food." MULDER and SCULLY arrive and enter the plant. PAULA is at her locker getting ready. She is shaking, looks ill.)

WORKER: Come on, Paula. Lets go.

(PAULA looks around nervously and swallows some pills dry, then follows the others to the plant floor.)

(On the floor dead chickens are being processed. SHERIFF ARENS is introducing MULDER and SCULLY to JESS HAROLD.)

SHERIFF ARENS: This is Jess Harold. He's the floor manager here. Jess, these people are with the FBI.

JESS HAROLD: Oh, you're here about George Kearns, right?

SCULLY: Well, theres a possibility that his disappearance may have something to do with a report he was about to file with the Department of Agriculture.

JESS HAROLD: (laughs) You got to understand that ever since he got here George has been trying to shut us down.

SCULLY: Well he cited multiple violations.

JESS HAROLD: I know he did. Believe me, I had to answer to every one.

SCULLY: Was there any merit to his claims?

JESS HAROLD: Let me show you something.

(JESS HAROLD leads them to another part of the plant. As they exit, PAULA who was working nearby begins gasping as if in great pain. She looks like shes about to faint. Her COWORKER [who looks a lot like Chris Carter] notices.)

COWORKER: Paula, you okay?

( PAULA gasps. She watches the dead chickens go by on spikes. Suddenly, she sees the severed head of GEORGE instead of a chicken. She pulls the head off the spike, throws it to the floor and runs out of the room. The COWORKER looks down at the dead chicken on the floor, confused.)

(JESS HAROLD continues giving MULDER and SCULLY the tour. SHERIFF ARENS follows along.)

JESS HAROLD: This is where George worked. Not a chicken leaves here without passing through the inspector's station. We've been operating here for 50 years without any trouble with the USDA. Until George came along.

SCULLY: So he really did threaten to shut the plant down.

JESS HAROLD: Oh, he tried, but we got three other inspectors here who consistently give us top marks. Here, see for yourself. (hands her a clipboard) No, the only problem this plant ever had was George.

SCULLY: Problem enough to do something about?

(MULDER looks around the plant.)

JESS HAROLD: If you're suggesting any kind of unsavoriness, I guess anything's possible, but youve got to understand about George. He had a bone to pick with everyone-- even the federal government.

SCULLY: What are you talking about?

JESS HAROLD: He filed a big worker's compensation suit-- claimed he was getting terrible headaches from his job. "Line hypnosis" his lawyers called it.

SCULLY: Yeah, I read about that. It's caused by high-speed repetitive activity.

JESS HAROLD: I will not deny that a lot of chickens go through here every day, but we've always operated well within federal guidelines.

SCULLY: What happened to his lawsuit?

JESS HAROLD: Well, it was dismissed just a few weeks before he disappeared.

(MULDER has been looking at a very large vat of disgusting organic material being slowly stirred by a machine.)

MULDER: Whats that?

JESS HAROLD: Oh, that... (leads them over to the machine) It's a feed grinder. Chops up bone and tissue. See, any part of the bird we can't package we process, use as feed.

MULDER: Chickens feed on chickens?

JESS HAROLD: (laughs) I know it doesn't sound too appetizing, but it is nutritious and it cuts down on costs. The meat is cooked and mixed with grain. No reason letting all that protein go to waste.

(Horn blows.)

JESS HAROLD: You'll have to excuse me. I got a shift change.

(JESS HAROLD leaves them alone, as does SHERIFF ARENS who crosses over to someone else.)

SHERIFF ARENS: Logan

SCULLY: So, Mulder, are you ready to admit they sent us on a fool's errand?

MULDER: If the fool would persist in his folly, he would become wise, Scully.

SCULLY: (impatient) Well, whether George Kearns skipped town or somebody killed him, this case could've been handled by any agent under the Kansas City office.

MULDER: Im not so sure about that.

(MULDER and SCULLY start to exit, but turn back when they hear a woman cry out. PAULA has her arm around JESS HAROLDs neck, a boning knife against the side of his face. MULDER pulls out his gun. SCULLY begins walking slowly toward PAULA, her hand stretched out.)

MULDER: : Let him go. Were federal agents

SCULLY. Everyone stay calm. Don't hurt him. Just tell us what you want. Dont get excited. Just calm down. Stay calm. We dont want anyone to get hurt. We can talk this thing out. Why dont you give me the knife?

(PAULA is listening to SCULLY, but then from across the room there is the sound of a gunshot as SHERIFF ARENS shoots and kills PAULA. She falls into the vat behind her. MULDER slowly lowers his gun looking at SHERIFF ARENS.)

SCULLY: (to JESS HAROLD) You okay?

(PAULAs body sinks into the dead chicken mush.)




SCENE 6
(Later PAULAs body has been removed from the vat. She is zipped up in a body bag and wheeled out. DR. RANDOLPH is treating the cut on JESS HAROLDs neck.)

SCULLY: Do you have any idea what might have prompted her attack?

JESS HAROLD: None at all.

SCULLY: No recent complaints or strange behavior?

JESS HAROLD: Paula has always been one of our best employees -- stable, well-liked... I can't even begin to imagine what brought this on.

MULDER: What about you, Dr. Randolph? Do you have any ideas?

JESS HAROLD: If you're done with me, I got work to do.

DR. RANDOLPH: Come by tomorrow. Let me make sure it's not infected.

JESS HAROLD: (tense, walks away) Sure.

DR. RANDOLPH: Uh, Paula came by last week complaining of persistent headaches. She'd suddenly started getting... irritable, unable to sleep.

SCULLY: Were you able to determine the cause?

DR. RANDOLPH: No. I'm just the staff physician. I don't usually treat anything more difficult than a hand injury. I'm out of my depth in psychiatric matters.

SCULLY: You didn't find anything physically wrong with her?

DR. RANDOLPH: I sent her to County for a brain scan and EEG. Both came back normal so I just assumed her condition was stress-related.

SCULLY: Could it have been line hypnosis?

DR. RANDOLPH: Like I said, I'm not qualified to make that diagnosis.

MULDER: But you can tell us whether George Kearns came to you with any similar complaints.

DR. RANDOLPH: They presented similar symptoms, yeah.

SCULLY: How did you treat them?

DR. RANDOLPH: I treated them both with pain medication-- codeine.

SCULLY: Well, I think an autopsy on Paula Gray would clarify things.

DR. RANDOLPH: I'm afraid I can't authorize that. You'd have to speak with Mr. Chaco.

SCULLY: Why? You're a physician.

DR. RANDOLPH: Yeah, but Mr. Chaco was Paula Gray's grandfather and her legal guardian.




SCENE 7
CHACO RESIDENCE
(MULDER and SCULLY drive up to elegant old southern home. They go to the door and ring the bell. The HOUSEKEEPER leads them out back to where CHACO, 60s, is hand feeding some pet chickens who are in a small outdoor pen.)

MULDER: Mr. Chaco?

CHACO: (not looking at them) Feeding these chickens helps me clear my mind. They're perfect creatures, you know. We eat their meat, their eggs. We sleep on pillows stuffed with their feathers. Not many people I know are as useful as these chickens.

(MULDER and SCULLY are uncomfortable.)

SCULLY: Were sorry to disturb you, sir. We realize this is a difficult time for you.

CHACO: You want to conduct an autopsy on my granddaughter. Why? You think Paula had some kind of disease that made her act that way?

SCULLY: That's what we're hoping a postmortem will determine.

CHACO: Thought your business here was George Kearns' disappearance.

MULDER: It is, but we suspect that might have something to do with what happened to your granddaughter.

CHACO: How?

MULDER: Were not sure yet, but it's possible they may have both suffered from the same neurological disorder.

CHACO: You know, when I came here after the war, Dudley was just a patch of dirt. I built that plant and put my whole family to work there. We made this town one of the biggest chicken processors in the nation. We couldn't have done that with troublemakers and layabouts.

SCULLY: I assume youre talking about George Kearns.

CHACO: Men like George Kearns don't build things. They tend to tear them down.

SCULLY: Then you're aware of his recommendation to close down your plant?

CHACO: You know, living a long life is a mixed blessing. You spend your youth trying to build something for yourself and your family and your community only to watch it all taken away from you at your old age. Still... I'm not ready to die just yet. (smiles) You go do your autopsy on Paula. I want to know what happened to my granddaughter.

(As CHACO enters his house alone, MULDER and SCULLY share a look.)




SCENE 8
SETH COUNT MORGUE
(SCULLY is looking at tissue in a microscope in autopsy lab. MULDER enters.)

SCULLY: I think weve got something here, Mulder. Take a look at this.

MULDER: (looking in microscope) What am I looking at?

SCULLY: It's a specimen from Paula Gray's brain. She suffered from a rare degenerative disorder called Creutzfeldt- Jacob disease. It's characterized by the formation of spongelike holes in the brain tissue.

MULDER: Why didn't this show up on any of her charts?

SCULLY: Short of an autopsy it's very difficult to diagnose. Outside of a textbook Ive only seen infected tissue once and that was back in medical school.

MULDER: Could this be the reason she attacked Jess Harold?

SCULLY: Absolutely. Victims of Creutzfeldt-Jacob suffer from progressive dementia, severe seizures...

MULDER: Is it fatal?

SCULLY: This girl would have been dead in months.

MULDER: Except that Paula Gray was no girl. This is her personnel file, Scully. Check it out. It says here that Paula Gray was born in 1948, which means that this woman-- Chacos granddaughter-- was 47 years old.

SCULLY: Theres got to be some kind of a mistake.

MULDER: Let's find out. Her birth certificate should be on file at the Seth County courthouse. Who knows, Scully? This could be *even* more interesting than foxfire.

(MULDER leaves. SCULLY stares at PAULAs body for a moment.)




SCENE 9
(Later. MULDER and SCULLY driving along two lane road.)

SCULLY: The odds that Paula Gray and George Kearns had the same disease are practically nonexistent. Creutzfeldt-Jacob can be hereditary but it's not communicable. That two unrelated people in the same small town would contract the same rare disease is...

MULDER: A lot more likely than Paula Gray being three years shy of her 50th birthday.

(The chicken truck in the oncoming lane suddenly swerves in front of them.)

SCULLY: Mulder, look out!

(MULDER steers the car off the road and out of the way of the truck which crashes into the creek next to the road. MULDER and SCULLY get out and run to the truck. Chickens are squawking as the truck begins to sink into the reddish brown water.)

MULDER: Call an ambulance. Ill try to get the driver out.

SCULLY: (on phone) This is Federal Agent Scully. Id like to report an accident on Count A7 




SCENE 10
(Later, crash scene. Tow truck is pulling the truck out of the creek.)

SCULLY: I just got off the phone with Dr. Randolph. He said this driver had the same symptoms as Paula Gray and George Kearns.

MULDER: You're saying this is a third victim of Creutzfeldt-Jacob? You just got through telling me that two cases would be statistically impossible.

SCULLY: Well, they would be. (pause) I just came up with a sick theory, Mulder.

(MULDER pauses, then puts his hand on her shoulder and leads her to the side to speak privately.)

MULDER: Ooh, Im listening.

SCULLY: You saw the feed grinders at the plant. What if somebody put George Kearnss body in there? Creutzfeldt-Jacob is a prion disease which means it could have been passed on to the chickens and in turn anyone who consumed them.

MULDER: So anyone eating chickens out of Dudley would be at risk?

SCULLY: It's possible. You know, sometimes in England they'll incinerate cattle to keep them from passing mad cow disease on to people.

MULDER: Yeah, but chickens from Dudley are shipped all over the country. If what youre saying were true, we'd be seeing an epidemic not just a few local cases.

(SCULLY shrugs. MULDER looks again at the red water in the creek.)

MULDER: Sheriff Arens? What's wrong with this water?

SHERIFF ARENS: Runoff from the plant. Chicken litter, mostly. Some blood and parts from the birds.

MULDER: Was this river searched after George Kearns disappeared?

SHERIFF ARENS: Talk about a needle in a haystack.

MULDER: Well, Id like it dragged as soon as possible.

SHERIFF ARENS: (surprised) Why would you want to do that?

MULDER: To see what's in there.

SHERIFF ARENS: Well, listen, that's a filthy job and I don't particularly want to do it unless I know what it is you're looking for.

MULDER: Hopefully nothing.

(SHERIFF ARENS says nothing.)

MULDER: Look, Sheriff Arens, if you don't want to do it I can get some of my men down here to do it.

SHERIFF ARENS: (big grin, all accommodating good old boy) I'll do it. (leaves)

SCULLY: Mulder .

MULDER: Oh, it's just a hunch. If George Kearns didnt run off, if he was murdered for that inspection report then his body's got to be somewhere.




SCENE 11
(Later that evening, still by the bloody creek which is being dragged. SHERIFF ARENS quickly comes over to MULDER and SCULLY.)

SHERIFF ARENS: We closed the spillway, and the water level dropped. They came up with it almost immediately.

MULDER: Did you find Kearns?

SHERIFF ARENS: Maybe you better see for yourself.

(MULDER and SCULLY look at net filled with bones, then at each other.)




SCENE 12
(Next morning. SCULLY is sorting bones in a large room. MULDER enters.)

MULDER: Sheriff Arens is outside. They're still pulling bones from the river.

SCULLY: Well, so far Ive been able to isolate nine distinct skeletons. This one belonged to the late George Kearns.

MULDER: How do you know?

SCULLY: The pin in his femur. According to his medical file, Kearns broke his right leg four years ago.

MULDER: What about the others?

SCULLY: Well. I'll need more sophisticated equipment to be certain, but I estimate that some of these bones are as much as 20 or 30 years old. All of them share one strange detail, though.

MULDER: Well, they seem to have lost their heads.

SCULLY: Well, besides that. The older bones show signs of decay and surface abrasion just like you'd expect but for some reason all of them, even Kearnss, are smooth and buffed at the ends.

MULDER: (looking) Its almost like theyve been polished.

SCULLY: It could be from erosion from the water, but...

MULDER: No. That water had hardly any current and this level of erosion wouldn't be confined to just the ends of the bones.

SCULLY: Any theories?

MULDER: Maybe.

(MULDER pulls out his phone and begins dialing.)




SCENE 13
(DORIS comes down the hall where the SHERIFF ARENS is getting some coffee.)

DORIS: Sheriff Arens?

SHERIFF ARENS: Doris.

DORIS: Is it true? Just tell me.

SHERIFF ARENS: Doris, I want you to listen to me.

DORIS: They found him, didn't they? (begins crying)

SHERIFF ARENS: Well, we brought up quite a few remains at the river this afternoon and Georges were among them. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.

DORIS: No... No!

(DORIS runs crying hysterically down the hall.)

SHERIFF ARENS: (calling after her) Its gonna be all right. Dont worry, Doris. Well take care of you. Doris? Doris!




SCENE 14
(Chicken plant. JESS HAROLD takes clipboard from a WORKER.)

JESS HAROLD: That the new schedule?

(He sees DR. RANDOLPH across the room and goes to speak privately with him in a room with live chickens. DR. RANDOLPH is very nervous.)

JESS HAROLD: Why do I get the feeling you're not here to check up on my neck?

DR. RANDOLPH: They found bones in the river.

JESS HAROLD: I know. I heard.

DR. RANDOLPH: Did you also hear that Clayton Walsh came down with the symptoms? That's four. It's getting worse with every day that goes by.

JESS HAROLD: Someone has to tell Mr. Chaco.

DR. RANDOLPH: He knows whats happening. Hes just not doing anything about it.

JESS HAROLD: Maybe I should talk to him.

DR. RANDOLPH: You can try.

JESS HAROLD: I will talk to him. He'll listen to me.

DR. RANDOLPH: And if he doesn't?




SCENE 15
(MULDER in the room with the bones looking at some files. SCULLY enters holding a bucket of chicken.)

MULDER: I had Danny run a check on all missing persons last seen within a 200- mile radius of Dudley. In the last 50 years, 87 people have disappeared near here and, judging from the forensic evidence, Id say the same person or persons was responsible.

SCULLY: Then it may have been the work of some kind of a cult.

MULDER: Scully, I think the good people of Dudley have been eating more than just chicken.

SCULLY: You think these people were eaten?

MULDER: Look at these bones. They've been polished at both ends suggesting they were boiled in a pot. Anthropologists have used similar evidence to prove cannibalism among the Anasazi tribe of New Mexico.

SCULLY: Well, then Paula Gray may have contracted Creutzfeldt-Jacob by eating George Kearns.

MULDER: That could begin to explain her youthful appearance.

SCULLY: What are you talking about?

MULDER: Some cannibalistic rituals are enacted with a belief that they can prolong life.

SCULLY: Cannibalism is one thing but increasing longevity by eating human flesh...

MULDER: Think about it, Scully. From vampirism to Catholicism, whether literally or symbolically, the reward for eating flesh is eternal life. I dont claim to know how it works, but we both saw Paula Gray.

SCULLY: We never confirmed the date of birth on her personnel file.

MULDER: The records at the courthouse should tell us how old she really is and if anybody else in Dudley is lying about their age. (at door) You coming?

(MULDER exits. SCULLY looks at the bones on the floor, then sets the bucket of chicken down and follows him.)




SCENE 16
(Chaco residence, night. JESS HAROLD is with CHACO.)

JESS HAROLD: Youve got to do something about whats happening, Mr. Chaco. People are getting scared. They don't know what to make of things.

CHACO: They're losing their faith is what it sounds like.

JESS HAROLD: It's getting hard to hold on to the way things are going. Three more have gotten sick since yesterday.

CHACO: I lost my granddaughter in this, Jess, so don't tell me what we're up against. Now, I said Ill handle it.

JESS HAROLD: I know you did ....

(Door bell rings. HOUSEKEEPER answers it. DORIS enters in tears.)

DORIS: I need to see Mr. Chaco.

CHACO: Doris?

DORIS: I... I can't do this anymore, Mr. Chaco. I can't keep lying.

CHACO: (comforting) It's all right. Jess told me what happened. You have nothing to worry about.

DORIS: They're gonna think I did it.

CHACO: No. They won't think any such thing.

DORIS: But I did. I helped!

CHACO: No. He was no good, Doris. He had no values. He didn't fit in here.

DORIS: But he was my husband.

CHACO: That was a price you had to pay. Now, you knew that from the beginning.

DORIS: But those FBI agents...

CHACO: Ah-ah. This town wasn't built in a day. It's not about to fall apart in a day. You're a part of us now and we're going to take good care of you. Now I want you to go home, get some rest. You've got a funeral to go to. This whole thing will blow over soon enough and you'll wonder what all the fuss is about.

DORIS: Im sorry.

CHACO: That's all right. We all understand, Doris. Good night.

(DORIS leaves not crying anymore, but still upset. Smiles weakly over her shoulder as she goes out the door.)

CHACO: She'll be fine.

JESS HAROLD: She's not stable.

CHACO: She's one of us now, part of our town.

JESS HAROLD: Unless we do something about her there won't be any town left to speak of.

CHACO: No! No. Once we start turning on ourselves we're no better than the animals. It's the FBI we should be worried about. They're the real problem.




SCENE 17
SETH COUNTY COURTHOUSE
(Night. MULDER and SCULLY pick the lock on the Birth Registry office and enter with flashlights. All the file cabinets are burned.)

MULDER: Someones been playing with matches.

SCULLY: Smells like a recent fire.

MULDER: I bet its no coincidence it only hit the birth records.

(Shadow of someone passes outside door window.)

SCULLY: You think someone was expecting us?

(MULDERs phone rings.)

MULDER: (on phone) Mulder.

DORIS: (on phone, in her dark house) Its Doris Kearns. Im in my house. I need to speak with you right away.

MULDER: (on phone) Are you all right?

DORIS: (on phone) I'm afraid for my life. Im afraid hell kill me.

MULDER: (on phone) Who?

DORIS: (on phone) Mr. Chaco.

MULDER: (on phone) All right, Mrs. Kearns, I want you to stay in the house and lock the door and dont answer the door until Agent Scully gets there. (hangs up)

SCULLY: Where are you going?

MULDER: To take Chaco into custody.

(Crying hysterically, DORIS walks through the dark house locking the doors. Lights go out. She comes face to face with the masked figure with the axe from the beginning. He raises the axe above her head and she screams.)




SCENE 18
(SCULLY drives up to the KEARNS house and goes to the door and rings bell.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Kearns?! Mrs. Kearns?!

(No lights. She goes in the back door and begins walking through the house with her flashlight. No one responds.)

SCULLY: Mrs. Kearns?

(She gasps as door slams shut behind her, then keeps walking through house.)

CUT TO:

(CHACO residence. MULDER rings the bell and shows his badge as the HOUSEKEEPER answers.)

MULDER: Is Mr. Chaco in?

HOUSEKEEPER: (with attitude) I'll see if he's still awake.

(She goes upstairs. MULDER looks around at the primitive art, figurines, and masks decorating the Chaco house. Sees old picture of CHACO standing with some island natives. Caption "JALE TRIBE, NEW GUINEA 1944." Looks over to large locked cabinet. HOUSEKEEPER comes back downstairs.)

HOUSEKEEPER: (smugly happy that she cant help) Im sorry, but Mr. Chaco is unable to see you now.

MULDER: Do you know what's in here?

HOUSEKEEPER: I wouldn't know.

MULDER: Can you open it?

HOUSEKEEPER: I don't have the key.

(MULDER looks around, then picks up small heavy statue and breaks the padlock off the cabinet.)

HOUSEKEEPER: What do you think you're doing?

(MULDER opens the cabinet and sees four human heads, including GEORGEs. MULDER looks up the stairs where HOUSEKEEPER has left again.)

CUT TO:

(KEARNS house. SCULLYs phone rings.)

SCULLY: (on phone) Scully.

MULDER: (on phone) Scully, Chacos not here.

SCULLY: (on phone) Yeah, Mrs. Kearns is missing too, Mulder. I think someones been here. (we see shape of someone, CHACO in the house with her) The power was cut and the back door was wide open when I got here. But her car is still out back.

MULDER: (on phone) Chaco must have taken her.

(Hears sound of SCULLYs phone hitting the floor.)

MULDER: (on phone, voice) Scully? Scully! Scully! What happened? Scully! Are you there?

(SCULLY lies on the floor, knocked out.)

MULDER: (on phone) Are you all right? Answer me! SCULLY!!

(MULDER looks up at the heads in the cabinet.)




SCENE 19
(Night. Middle of a field. Townspeople are milling around a large bonfire and getting soup from a large pot. CHACO, angry, walks into the group with SCULLY who has her hands tied in front and gaffers tape over her mouth. She looks frightened, is unresisting.)

CHACO: What have you done here? I warned you. I said not to touch her. Doris Kearns was one of us.! Who's behind this?

(JESS HAROLD walks up to CHACO wiping his lips.)

CHACO: Why didn't you listen to me? It's the outsiders we have to deal with, not one of our own.

JESS HAROLD: (calmly) We'll deal with them all.

CHACO: Look at yourselves. Look at what you've become. This isn't faith anymore it's just fear. They've turned us into an abomination.

JESS HAROLD: You brought in the outsider who made us sick.

CHACO: Once you turn on yourselves it's over. How long before it's any one of us? Any one of you?

JESS HAROLD: That's not your problem anymore, Mr. Chaco.

CHACO: (aims gun at JESS HAROLD) No.

(Someone grabs CHACO from behind. JESS HAROLD takes the gun away.)

CHACO: (quietly) Kill me... And you kill us all.

(CHACO is forced to kneel down and place his head in a metal harness which two other townspeople lock, then step back. SCULLY watches in horror as the MASKED MAN raises the axe over CHACOs head and swings.)

CUT TO:

(MULDER driving very fast.)

CUT TO:

(Bonfire.)

JESS HAROLD: Bring her over.

(They make SCULLY kneel down and lock her head into the harness.)

CUT TO:

(MULDER driving into the field.)

CUT TO:

(MASKED MAN raising his axe over SCULLY. SCULLYs eyes are wide and terrified.)

CUT TO:

(MULDER running out of the car toward the bonfire, his gun out.)

CUT TO:

(Bonfire. As MASKED MAN brings the axe down over SCULLY there are gunshots and he falls dead. Townspeople begin running and screaming. JESS HAROLD aims the gun, but then gets trampled by the other townspeople. MULDER runs to SCULLY and releases her from the harness.)

MULDER: (softly) Are you hurt?

SCULLY: Mm-Mm.

(He pulls the tape off her mouth and gently brushes her hair out of her face.)

MULDER: You all right?

(She nods. Hands still bound, she follows MULDER as he goes to the dead MASKED MAN and removes his mask. It is SHERIFF ARENS.)




SCENE 20
(Next day. Chicken plant. Business as usual, then state police come in and begin putting crime scene tape up and telling everyone to step away from their stations.)

SCULLY: (voiceover) Pending further review, the Chaco processing plant has been closed by the USDA. So far, no evidence of contaminated chicken has been discovered. Though it remains unknown how many citizens participated in the ritual activity, 27 have become fatally ill with Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease. What is known is that a transport plane carrying Walter Chaco was shot down in 1944 over New Guinea. Chaco was the only survivor of that crash. According to naval records, he spent six months with the Jole -- a tribe whose cannibalistic practices have long been suspected but never proven. Naval records also show that Walter Chaco was born in 1902 making him 93 years old at the time of his death. As of this date, his remains still have not been found.

(Worker finds some grey hair in a bucket of the chicken feed and proceeds to feed the mix to some chickens who eagerly gobble it up.)

[THE END]


SCENE 1
NAVAJO RESERVATION
TWO GREY HILLS, NM
APRIL 9
(An earthquake occurs)

NATIVE AMERICAN: Where are you going.?

ERIC: Riding. I'll be back in a few hours.

ALBERT: Eric. Leave the snakes alone today. They'll be angry and afraid.

NATIVE AMERICAN: What is it.?

ALBERT: The Earth has a secret it needs to tell.

(Eric rides to a red rock pit. He sees the top of a metal object in the quarry and removes sand from off of it to reveal a hatch)

(Back at the reservation)

ERIC: I found something. Better come see.

(Outside six people are standing over something)

ERIC: What do you think it is?

NATIVE AMERICAN: I don't know.

(Albert says something in Navajo and then goes back inside >

ERIC: What did he say.?

NATIVE AMERICAN: He said it should be returned. They will be coming.




[OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS] [OPENING CREDITS]






SCENE 2
DOVER DE
APRIL 10
(The Thinker is reading the 50 Greatest Conspiracies Of All Time while his computer is trying to log in passcodes. It starts bleeping)

THE THINKER: You bitch.! Beautiful.!

(He has hacked into something and inserts a DAT into a tape drive)




SCENE 3
UNITED NATIONS BUILDING
NEW YORK CITY, NY
APRIL 10
(An official is walking down a hall and knocks on a door)

ITALIAN OFFICIAL: What is it Antonio.?

ANTONIO: Someone has broken into the MJ documents.

ITALIAN OFFICIAL: Who would do such a thing ( he picks up the phone )

ANTONIO: I don't know.

JAPANESE OFFICIAL: ( Answer a ringing phone ) from where did you hear this.? Has everyone been told.?

GERMAN OFFICIAL: ( On the phone ) yes, I understand. No this is their problem. They must take care of it promptly. ( He hangs up and calls Cancerman ).

CANCERMAN: ( He answers the phone ) yes.

GERMAN OFFICIAL: You are familiar with the MJ file.?

CANCERMAN: Ja. I have already taken care of it.

GERMAN OFFICIAL: Good.

CANCERMAN: ( Hangs up ) Gentlemen. That was the phone call I never wanted to get.

(Black opps military break down The Thinkers appartment door and look around)




SCENE 4
WASHINGTON, DC
APRIL 11
(Mulder is getting water from the tap. There are three knocks on his door)

MULDER: What are you guys doing here.?

BYERS: Can we talk inside.?

MULDER: I'm not feeling well. I didn't sleep last night. I'm really not in the mood for the three stooges.

FROHIKE: I don't think we've been followed.

MULDER: Who would follow you.?

BYERS: Multinational black opps unit. Code name Garnett.

LANGLY: Trained killers. School of the American Alumni.

MULDER: Have you boys been defacing library books again.?

FROHIKE: They don't want us. They want him.

MULDER: Kennith Suna.

LANGLY: We think that's his real name.

BYERS: You've heard us refer to him as The Thinker.

MULDER: What did he do.?

BYRES: Hacked into the defense department computer system.

MULDER: ( Paying attention ) What.?

BYERS: The Thinker's an anarchist and a snoop. Whatever he got into has made him a very wanted man. Customs and immigration are on full alert. Every port of igress is closed.

MULDER: What are you coming to me for.?

BYERS: In his last communique, The Thinker named a meeting place and a three hour time window. He asked specifically for you.

LANGLY: The only problem is he may already be dead.

(A gun shot is heard. They all rush out of Mulders appartment to find people standing outside of another appartment)

MULDER: What happened.?

WOMAN: She just shot her husband. They'd been married for thirty years. It's like she went crazy.

COP: Everybody go back to your appartment, we'll handle this.

FROHIKE: Weirdness.




SCENE 5
US BOTANIC GARDEN
WASHINGTON, DC
(Mulder sits down until The Thinker walks toward him)

THE THINKER: I... I don't want you to know my real name. I... I just don't think it's that important that you know.

MULDER: Sounds like a line I used in a bar once.

THE THINKER: Look, I'm sorry about the wait but I kinda got this ninja party shaking my butt.

MULDER: Why.? What've you got.?

THE THINKER: Well if I'm correct I got the original defense departments UFO intelligence files. Everything from the 1940's and up.

MULDER: Everything.?

THE THINKER: Everything. Roswell, MJ12 and beyond.

MULDER: You've read them.?

THE THINKER: Not entirely. I downloaded all I could and then I split. I mean, I knew that these guys would be after me.

MULDER: What makes you think they know who you are.?

THE THINKER: I didn't take any procautions. I mean I... I did'nt even expect to get inside. ( He gives Mulder a package ).

MULDER: You know they always denied that these files even existed. What do you want from me.?

THE THINKER: I want the truth. And I want you to promise that those rat bastards answer to the people.




SCENE 6
FBI HEADQUARTERS
WASHINGTON, DC
APRIL 12
(Mulder looks at the tape and puts it in his computer. Scully walks in)

SCULLY: Mulder, Skinner's looking for you.

MULDER: Come in and lock the door.

SCULLY: Why, what's going on.?

MULDER: Are you familiar with the ten commandments Scully.?

SCULLY: You want me to recite them.?

MULDER: No. Just number 4, the one about obeying the sabbath, the part about where God made Heaven and Earth but didn't bother to tell anybody about his side projects.

SCULLY: What are you talking about.?

MULDER: The biggest lie of all.

(The screen shows Department Of Defense. Top Secret.)

SCULLY: What is this.?

MULDER: The Holy Grail. The original defense department files. Hard evidence that the government has known about the existance of extraterrestrials for over fifty years.

SCULLY: Where did you get this.?

MULDER: Your friendly neighborhood anarchist.

(The screen shows a strange code)

MULDER: I dont believe this. This is just gibberish.
( He stands up and hits a pencil holder ).
Damn it. I'm so sick of this crap, BS and double talk. I can't believe this.

SCULLY: Mulder, this may not be gibberish.

MULDER: It's a joke Scully, it's a bad joke.

SCULLY: I think it's just encrypted and I think I recognise it. It looks like Navajo. It was used in world war two. My father told me it was the only code the Japanese couldn't break, I... I remember the long strings of consonants.

MULDER: Well can you find out.?

SCULLY: Well only a handful of people can decipher it.

MULDER: Then find one of em. ( He goes to walk out )

SCULLY: Mulder. Are you okay.?

MULDER: Yeah. I just haven't been sleeping.

(Skinner is walking out of his office)

MULDER: Sir.

SKINNER: Agent Mulder. I need to speak with you.

MULDER: About.?

SKINNER: In my office.

MULDER: Why.? Is this another jerk off assignment where I end up doing the government's dirty work.?

SKINNER: It's about a rumor that you may be in reciept of some sensitive files.

MULDER: I don't know anything about that. ( He turns around ).

SKINNER: Agent Mulder listen... I'm talking to you...

(Skinner grabs Mulders shoulder and Mulder punches Skinner)

SKINNER: Are we done. We're done.




SCENE 7
APRIL 13
(Scully walks into a room with Skinner and other FBI directors)

DIRECTOR 1: Agent Scully, you heard about the incident here, in the hallway yesterday.

SCULLY: Yes sir.

DIRECTOR 1: Do you have any explanation as to agent Mulder's, bizarre behavior.?

SCULLY: No sir. Agent Mulder told me he was having trouble sleeping.

DIRECTOR 1: Do you think agent Mulder confides in you agent Scully?

SCULLY: Of course, he's my partner.

DIRECTOR 2: Your partner. Were'nt you originally assigned to agent Mulder to debunk his work.?

SCULLY: Yes sir. A year and a half ago. I've been writing regular reports stating the validity of agent Mulder's work on The X-Files.

DIRECTOR 2: Would you lie to protect him.?

SCULLY: Am I accused of lying.?

DIRECTOR 3: Agent Mulder has been advised of a disciplinary hearing. If there's something we learn at that meeting that you haven't stated today, you could be subject to the same summary action.

SCULLY: What action is that.?

SKINNER: Dismissal without chance of reinstatement.

SCULLY: Is that all sir.?

SKINNER: Yes agent Scully, thank you.




SCENE 8
WEST TISBURY
MARTHA'S VINEYARD, MA
(The door bell rings. Bill Mulder answers the door - It's Cancerman)

CANCERMAN: Hello Bill.

BILL MULDER: What are you doing here.?

CANCERMAN: I've come on some pressing business.

BILL MULDER: We had agreed that you would never...

CANCERMAN: That was a long time ago Bill. There have been some unforseen events.

(Bill Mulder and Cancerman are sitting at a table)

BILL: No one was supposed to know.

CANCERMAN: Who could have predicted the future Bill? That the computers that you and I only dreamed of would someday be home appliances capable of the most technical espionage.

BILL MULDER: The files should have been destroyed.

CANCERMAN: They should have, but they were'nt. Regret is an inevitable consequence of life.

BILL MULDER: How do you know my son has them.?

CANCERMAN: The man who stole them has come forward.

BILL MULDER: Oh God.

CANCERMAN: As always we maintain plausible denial. The files are only as real as their possible authentication.

BILL MULDER: My name is in those files.

CANCERMAN: The files have been encrypted of course. We have a certain luxury of time. We endevored to prevent that fact from ever coming to light.

BILL MULDER: You wouldn't... harm him.?

CANCERMAN: I've protected him this long, haven't I.? Your son has been provident in the alliances that he's created. The last thing we need is a martyr in a crusade.

BILL MULDER: But if he should, learn of my involvement...

CANCERMAN: Your you're own man Bill. You always have been. But I strongly encourage you in that event, to deny everything. It's good to see you again Bill. You look well.

(Cancerman gets up and leaves)




SCENE 9
(Mulder is sleeping in his appartment - someone is walking toward him. He wakes up and reaches for his gun)
SCULLY: You didn't answer your door.

MULDER: Oh. I took a pill.

SCULLY: I couldn't find you at work. I was worried about you.

MULDER: I came home. I must be running a fever. Maybe it's the threat of being burnt at the stake.

SCULLY: They called me in today.

MULDER: What did you tell them.?

SCULLY: That nothing was wrong.

MULDER: Well you told them the truth then.

SCULLY: Mulder, you opened the door for them, they're just looking for a good reason now.

MULDER: Okay, I'll say I'm sorry.

SCULLY: Mulder, these files. Who knows you have them.?

MULDER: Why.?

SCULLY: Because I had to lie today. And I put my job in jeopardy in order to do so. If they find out about those files...

MULDER: How would they find out.?

SCULLY: Maybe they already know. The question is, is it worth it.? Is this cassette worth risking everything.?

MULDER: I'll tell you when I find out what's on it. Now just tell me who I can talk to about breaking that code.

SCULLY: I'm meeting with someone in an hour. I might know something later tonight, I just need some kind of assurance that they're not going to let us hang ourselves with this. That I'm doing the right thing.

MULDER: I'll try to find out.

(Mulder tapes an X to the window)

SCULLY: I need to know one more thing Mulder. Why did you attack Skinner.?

MULDER: I've thought of that Scully. I honestly can't say.

(Scully Leaves)




SCENE 10
OFFICES OF THE NAVAJO NATION
WASHINGTON, DC
NAVAJO WOMAN: This is all you have.?

SCULLY: Currently yes.

NAVAJO WOMAN: There are words I recognise but you'll need an actual code talker to make any sense of this. I know a man who might help. I could have him contact you.

SCULLY: Yeah, thank you... er... can you tell me which words you do recognise.?

NAVAJO WOMAN: This word, it means goods, merchandise. And this one means vaccination. They're both modern words which is why they stand out.

SCULLY: Thank you. You've been very helpful.

(The phone rings at Mulders appartment)

MULDER: Mulder.

BILL MULDER: Fox, this is your father, I need to see you right away.

MULDER: Where are you.

BILL MULDER: I'm at home. How soon can you be here.

(Mulder looks at the X on the window)

BILL MULDER: Fox, it's very important.

(Scully enters Mulders appartment)

SCULLY: Mulder.

(She walks to the window, a gun shot is fired and the bullet cuts Scully's head)




SCENE 11
BILL MULDER'S HOUSE
BILL MULDER: Fox.

MULDER: Dad. What is it.?

BILL MULDER: Come in. ( Locking the door ). It's... Its so clear now. Simple. It was so complicated then. The, the choices that needed to be made.

MULDER: What choices.? Dad.

BILL MULDER: You're a smart boy Fox. You're smarter than I ever was.

MULDER: About what.?

BILL MULDER: Your politics are yours, you've never thrown in. The minute you do that, their doctrines become yours and you can be held responsible.

MULDER: You're talking about your work in the state department.

BILL MULDER: You're going to learn of things... Fox, you're going to hear the words and they'll come to make sense to you.

MULDER: What words.?

BILL MULDER: The merchandise. Look I, I've been taking some medication. You'll have to excuse me for a moment.

(Bill goes to the bathroom and opens a medicine cabinet. From the reflection in the mirror, Krycek appears. A gun shot is heard and Mulder runs into the bathroom)

MULDER: Dad.? Dad. Dad ( He hears tires screech ). Oh dad.

BILL MULDER: Forgive me...

(Bill Mulder dies. Mulder carries him to the sofa and uses his cell phone)

SCULLY: Hello.

MULDER: My father's dead Scully.

SCULLY: Where are you.?

MULDER: They shot him and he's dead.

SCULLY: Mulder where are you.? Just tell me where you are.

MULDER: I'm on the Vineyard.

SCULLY: Who shot him Mulder.?

MULDER: I don't know.

SCULLY: Mulder, were you arguing.?

MULDER: I didn't do it Scully, he was trying to tell me something.

SCULLY: Mulder listen to me...

MULDER: You gotta believe me Scully.

SCULLY: Mulder I believe you, just listen to me, you've gotta get out of there, you have to leave immediately.

MULDER: I can't leave the crime scene, it'll look like I'm running, make me look guilty.

SCULLY: Mulder they're gonna suspect you anyway, you've got no ID on the shooter, you, your behavior has been irrational recently, Mulder can't you see that everything is pointing directly at you?

MULDER: He was shot with somebody else's weapon.

SCULLY: Damn it Mulder, you're an FBI agent, you have access to weapons other than your own.

MULDER: All right. Meet me back at my apartment.

SCULLY: No. No you can't come home. Someone shot through your window tonight, they almost killed me, they might be trying to kill you.




SCENE 12
(Scully opens the door to her apartment to a ragged looking Mulder, she helps him in)
SCULLY: Fox... My God. Look at you. You're sick.

MULDER: I'm okay.

SCULLY: No come on, I want you to lie down on, woah, come on I want you to lie down, let me take your coat off.

MULDER: You gotta find them Scully.

SCULLY: Right now you have to lie down. Come here.

MULDER: We gotta find out who killed my father.

SCULLY: Well right now you need to rest okay, rest. It's okay. Okay.




SCENE 13
APRIL 14
(Mulder wakes up)

MULDER: Scully. (He looks for his gun).




SCENE 14
FBI HEADQUARTERS
FIREARMS UNIT
(A guy is firing bullets into a tank)

FBI GUY: I'll run a comparison as soon as they send me the bullet removed from the victim.

SCULLY: How long will it take to determine if there a match.?

FBI GUY: There both 9mm rounds. Run the specs compare the stray. We should know pretty much right away.

(Mulder phones Scully)

MULDER: You took my gun. You think I did it don't you.?

SCULLY: I took your gun to run it through ballistics to try and clear you Mulder.

MULDER: Well why didn't you ask me.?

SCULLY: You had a temperature of 102 last night I didn't want to wake you.

MULDER: What were you afraid that I was gonna shoot you too.?

SCULLY: Mulder, I'm being called into Skinners office this afternoon, they're gonna want answers and I'd like some good ones to give them.

MULDER: So you can clear your conscience and your name?! You've been making reports on me since the beginning Scully, taking your little notes!

SCULLY: Mulder you're sick, you're not thinking straight, I'm on your side. You know that.

MULDER: Look you have my files and you have my gun. Don't ask me for my trust.

SCULLY: Mul...




SCENE 15
(Mulder hangs up. Scully goes to Mulders apartment to get the bullet out of wall and sees an unmaked truck through the window. She goes into the basement and looks at the water supply units. On one of the tanks is a filter. She removes the filter. Outside, Mulder gets out of a cab and sees someone go around the side of the building. He runs through the building to the other side. Mulder grabs the person as he walks around the corner, and then punches him - it's Krycek)
MULDER: I'm gonna kill you anyway Krycek so you may as well tell me the truth. Did you kill my father.? Did you kill him... answer me. ( Mulder punches him ).

SCULLY: Mulder, don't shoot him. Just back away.

(Scully points a gun at Mulder)

MULDER: He killed my father Scully.

SCULLY: I have him Mulder.

MULDER: No Scully...

(Scully shoots Mulder, Krycek runs off)

WOMAN'S VOICE: Oh my God. Somebody call the police.




SCENE 16
APRIL 16
(Mulder is in a room)

ALBERT: He's awake.

SCULLY: Mulder, Mulder it's me. Here drink some of that, you haven't had any water in over 36 hours. Your shoulder's going to be fine. The round went through nice and clean.

MULDER: You shot me.

SCULLY: Yes, I did. You didn't give me much choice, you were going to shoot Krycek.

MULDER: Why'd you shoot me? He's the one.

SCULLY: If he is, then his weapon is probably the same one that killed your father.

MULDER: What are you talking about.?

SCULLY: If you killed Krycek with that weapon there would have been no way to prove that you didn't kill your father. I'm sorry about your father Mulder, I haven't been able to tell you.

MULDER: How'd you know it was Krycek.?

SCULLY: I didn't. I went back to your apartment to pull the slug from the wall, but I noticed an unmarked van delivering soft water and I found this in one of the tanks servicing your building.

MULDER: What is it.?

SCULLY: It's a dyalysis filter. It's a device used in the transmission of substance to solution, considering the level of psychosis you were experiencing, it was probably LSD, amphetamines of some kind of exotic dopamine agonist.

MULDER: Oh my God. There was a murder in my building.

SCULLY: Well it wasn't an excercise in subtlety. Mulder these men are quite possibly the same ones who killed your father and who systematically tried to destroy you by turning everyone you could trust against you. I don't think I have to tell you why.

MULDER: I'd gotten too close to the truth. Where are we.?

SCULLY: We're in Farmington New Mexico.

MULDER: New Mexico.?

SCULLY: We've just driven two days across country, I had to put you out to let the side effects of the psychosis abait. This is Albert Hosteen, he's been translating your files.

ALBERT: You're lucky she's a good shot.

MULDER: Or a bad one.

SCULLY: Albert was a Navajo code talker during world war two. He helped encode the original government documents.

MULDER: How'd you find him.?

SCULLY: Through a woman in Washington. But he claims he knew you were coming.

ALBERT: Last week we had an omen.

SCULLY: Most of these files are written in jargon but apparently there was an international conspiracy of silence dating back to the 1940's. Albert says that evidence of these secrets are buried on a Navajo reservation not far from here. He says that he'll take you as soon as you are able.

(Mulder gets up)

MULDER: What about you.?

SCULLY: I'm afraid you're on your own with this. I didn't show up for a meeting with Skinner the day before yesterday and I don't know what the repercussions will be.

MULDER: You've taken a big risk.

SCULLY: I was certain they would have killed you Mulder.

MULDER: Thank you. Thank you for taking care of me.

SCULLY: There's something else. My name is in those files. It appears in the latest entries with Duane Barry's.

MULDER: In what context.?

SCULLY: It's not clear, but it has something to do with a test. I want you to find out Mulder. I need you to.




SCENE 17
NAVAJO NATION
NATIONAL RESERVATION
(Mulder and Albert are in a car)

MULDER: You said you knew I was coming.

ALBERT: In the desert, things find a way to survive. Secrets are like this too. They push their way up through the sands of deception so that men can know them. Here, this is my house.

MULDER: But why me.?

ALBERT: You are prepared to accept the truth aren't you, to sacrifice yourself to it.

MULDER: I don't understand.

ALBERT: There was a tribe of indians who lived here more than 600 years ago. Their name was Anasazi, it means ancient aliens. No evidence of their fate exists. Historians say they disappeared without a trace. They say that because they will not sacrifice themselves to the truth.

MULDER: And what is the truth.?

ALBERT: Nothing disappears without a trace.

MULDER: You think they were abducted.

ALBERT: By visitors who come here still.

(Albert gets out of the car, Mulder follows him)

MULDER: What's buried out there.?

ALBERT: Lies. You will see for yourself.

(Mulder gets on the back of Eric's bike)

ERIC: It's through these rocks. It's down there.

(Mulder climbs down the rockface and his cell phone rings)

MULDER: Mulder.

CANCERMAN: You're a hard man to reach.

MULDER: Not hard enough apparently.

CANCERMAN: Where are you.?

MULDER: I'm at the Betty Ford center, where are you.?

CANCERMAN: I need to talk to you Mr Mulder, in person. There are some things to explain.

MULDER: I'll save the government the plane fare, I just need to know which government that is.

CANCERMAN: Your father may have told you things Mr Mulder. I should warn against taking those things at face value.

MULDER: Yeah, which things are those.?

CANCERMAN: He was never an opponent of the project. In fact he authorised it. That's what he couldn't live with.

MULDER: No, he couldn't live with it because you had him killed.

CANCERMAN: We weren't involved in that.

MULDER: Now listen to me you black lunged son of a bitch, I'm gonna expose you and your project, your time is over.

CANCERMAN: Expose anything and you only expose your father...

(Mulder hangs up - Cancerman gets out of a car and climbs into a helicopter)

BLACK OPPS GUY 1: Sir, we got a co-ordinate on F were ready to go.

CANCERMAN: Let's go.

BLACK OPPS GUT 2: Need a cigarette.?

(The helicopter takes off. Back at the reservation Mulder uncovers a plaque in the dirt which reads Sierra Pacific Railroad RTC - 567 480 >

ERIC: Over here.

MULDER: This is a boxcar.

(Mulder and Eric open the hatch into the boxcar)

ERIC: Refrigeration car.

(Scully's cell phone rings)

SCULLY: Scully.

MULDER: Yeah, it's me.

SCULLY: Where are you.?

MULDER: Nowhere I ever expected.

SCULLY: What do you mean.?

MULDER: I'm in a boxcar buried inside a quarry. There are bodies everywhere.

SCULLY: Bodies.?

MULDER: Stacked floor to ceiling.

SCULLY: What happened to them.?

MULDER: I don't know.

SCULLY: Mulder, in these files I found references to experiments that were conducted here in the US by Axis Power scientists who were given amnesty after the war.

MULDER: What kind of experiments.?

SCULLY: Some kind of tests, on humans. What they referred to as merchandise.

MULDER: But these aren't human Scully. From the look of it I'd say they were alien.

SCULLY: Are you sure.?

MULDER: I'm pretty damn sure. Wait a sec...

(Mulder looks at the arm of one of the 'merchandise')

MULDER: This one... has a smallpox vacination scar.

SCULLY: Mulder...

MULDER: Oh my God Scully, what have they done.?

(The hatch closes. A helicpoter lands and black opps military rush out)

BLACK OPPS GUY 1:Move out, get away from there, keep him back. Cover us were going in. Go.

CANCERMAN: What's your name boy.?

BLACK OPPS GUY 1:He's not here.

CANCERMAN: Where's Mulder. He's here.

BLACK OPPS GUY 1: No sir, if he was, he's vanished without a trace.

CANCERMAN: Nothing vanishes without a trace. Burn it.

(An incendry device is thrown into the boxcar. It explodes and flames fly from the open hatch. Cancerman and the black opps militay climb back into the helicopter and leave)

[TO BE CONTINUED ...]
